'' > iPhoto is probably the best program I have ever worked with : easy and convenient .
'' This is n't a big deal , I have n't noticed the issue with DVDs or other media , only through USB output .
* = Webcam is a bit laggy , not the greatest .
, Applications respond immediately -LRB- not like the tired MS applications -RRB- .
- Bluetooth -LRB- 2.1 -RRB- , Fingerprint Reader , Full 1920x1080 screen - Integrated Mic / Webcam * - Dual touchpad mode is interesting , and easy to use -5 USB ports - Runs about 38-41C on idle , Up to 65 -LRB- for me -RRB- on load - Very quiet - I could go on and on .
- Bluetooth -LRB- 2.1 -RRB- , Fingerprint Reader , Full 1920x1080 screen - Integrated Mic/Webcam * - Dual touchpad mode is interesting , and easy to use -5 USB ports - Runs about 38-41C on idle , Up to 65 -LRB- for me -RRB- on load - Very quiet - I could go on and on .
- Called headquarters again , they report that TFT panel is broken , should be fixed by the end of the week -LRB- week 3 -RRB- .
- Computer crashed frequently and battery life decreased very quickly .
- I propose that I can just swap the hard drives .
- I propose that they can just swap the hard drives .
- Touchpad will take a bit of time to get used to .
- When battery life went to 4 hours or less , took it to the MacHouse Amsterdam for repair -LRB- 26th of August -RRB- .
-4 RAM slots , 2 HDD Bays * , 16GB RAM support - No Wireless Issues , at least for me .
-LRB- Beware , their staff could send you back making you feel that only they know what a computer is .
-LRB- I found a 2GB stick for a bit under $ 50 -RRB- Nice and portable and definitely a decent enough system to keep you entertained while sitting in the airplane for a couple of hours , or at the hotel taking care of some last minute details and documents .
-LRB- I had been a Windows / Linux user before this -RRB- I love the size because the screen is big enough for what I use it for -LRB- Internet , artwork -RRB- , and yet it is small enough to be reasonably portable .
-LRB- I had been a Windows/Linux user before this -RRB- I love the size because the screen is big enough for what I use it for -LRB- Internet , artwork -RRB- , and yet it is small enough to be reasonably portable .
-LRB- If you ever see the spinning beachball come up when you think it should n't , check the `` Activity Monitor '' app to see if the disk throughput has temporarily dropped to zero .
-LRB- No problem with the ordering or shipping by the way .
-LRB- The SATA controller is the motherboard chip that lets the CPU talk to the hard drive . -RRB-
-LRB- The iBook backup also uses a firewire connectio n -RRB- .
-LRB- The iBook backup also uses a firewire connection -RRB- .
-RRB- And printing from either word processor is an adventure .
-RRB- I also purchased Applecare for $ 300 , which is a three year extended warranty , since I ve never seen any laptop that lasted more than two .
-RRB- I also tried the touch pad and compared it to other netbooks in the store .
/ awesome cooling system / much better grafics card -LRB- ATI 5870 -RRB- / 8GB RAM / LED backlit screen ...
/ awesome cooling system / much better grafics card -LRB- ATI 5870 -RRB- / 8GB RAM / LED backlit screen. . .
1 . You can not change your desktop background -LRB- window 's 7 starter does NOT support that function -RRB- .
1 . You can not change your desktop background -LRB- window's 7 starter does NOT support that function -RRB- .
10 hours of battery life is really something else ...
10 plus hours of battery ...
2 . The wireless card is low quality .
2 months later , the battery went .
2nd Best computer in the world only one way this computer might become the best is that it needs to upgreade patches to make less easier for people to hack into
3 -RRB- Horrible customer support
3 weeks went by and the computer keeps crashing and will not open any applications .
4 -RRB- Laptop still did not work , blue screen within a week ...
4gb of ram ...
: - -RRB- If you buy this - do n't go into it expecting 7 hrs of battery life , and you 'll be perfectly satisfied .
A MONTH LATER , we reinstall the OS (Vista) .
A SECOND PROBLEM INVOLVES THE BATTERY WHICH IS ADVERTISED AS HAVING A STORAGE LIFE OF 11 HOURS BUT WHEN FULLY CHARGED SHOWS ONLY 7 HOURS OF SERVICE .
A cheaper price should not equal a `` cheap '' product .
A coupla months later , they change my hard drive .
A great computer for light home use and business use .
A great feature is the spotlight search : one can search for documents by simply typing a keyword , rather than parsing tens of file folders for a document .
A key contributor that led me to Mac is the art aspect .
A longer battery life would have been great - but it meets it 's spec quite easily .
A mac is very easy to use and it simply makes sense .
A month or so ago , the freaking motherboard just died .
A seventy dollar mouse !
AND the best part is that it even comes with a free printer -LRB- when they have a certain promotion/offer going , of course -RRB- !
Accordingly , I have decided to NEVER purchase another HP product -LRB- my five year old Compaq -RRB- lasted 5-years before the hard drive crashed .
Acer has set me up with FREE recovery discs , when they are available since I asked .
Acer was no help and Garmin could not determine the problem -LRB- after spending about 2 hours with me -RRB- , so I returned it and purchased a Toshiba R700 that seems even nicer and I was able to load all of my software with no problem .
Actually , I had noticed the one on the sales floor also did n't have sound !
Additional caveat : the base installation comes with some Toshiba-specific software that may or may not be to a user 's liking .
Adjust the sensitivity since it 's not that responsive to begin with .
After 2 months of complaints , Asus finally sent the right power supply to my techies .
After 20-30 min the screen of the notebook switched off .
After a couple of years , my battery life began to diminish but was replaced for free due to a company-wide recall of my particular battery .
After a little more than a year of owning my MacBook Pro , the monitor has completely died .
After about a week I finally got it back and was told that the motherboard had failed and so they installed a new motherboard .
After doing extensive research , macconnection had the lowest price on the 15 '' MBP i5 .
After having two PC laptops die with in the past 3 years , I was led to the Apple display at Best Buy by the sleek design and promise of less tech issues .
After numerous attempts of trying -LRB- including setting the clock in BIOS setup directly -RRB- , I gave up -LRB- I am a techie -RRB- .
After numerous calls to Applecare tech support , I was directed to send in my computer ;
After paying several hundred dollars for this service , it is frustrating that you can not get help after hours .
After purchasing this thing , I find out that I need a special interface device to connect my camera , and that it can not be purchased at the store - only on line .
After replacing the hard drive the battery stopped working -LRB- 3 months of use -RRB- which was frustrating .
After sending out documents via email and having recipients tell me they could not open the documents or they came through as gibberish , I broke down and spent another $ 100 to get Microsoft Word for Mac .
After talking it over with the very knowledgeable sales associate , I chose the MacBook Pro over the white MacBook .
After that I turned to email in my next vain help to get them to acknowledge that the warranty was still valid .
After that the said it was under warranty .
After the warrenty expired the hard drive went bad and it would have cost more to fix then to replace .
After way too many times sending the thing in for repairs -LRB- delivery service was slow , and without the laptop I had no access to the internet , and thus no way of tracking it to find out when I might hope to see my computer again -RRB- , it finally kicked the bucket after just over 2 years .
Again , decent comp for the price , and I was in need of one quickly as my other laptop died on me .
Again , the same problem , the right speaker did not work .
Again - windows based machines were not giving me anything to work with !
Again I sent it back and they replaced the motherboard and some fan inside .
Again in February my computer completely failed to the point that it could not load Windows so I contacted Acer to get it fixed thru my Warrenty and it took about 3 days fighting on the phone with agents and it seemed as though NONE of them spoke English .
All I will say now is that it was over two grand less expensive and so much better quality than my hunk of crap Vaio .
All apple associates are always wiling to help you out with anything , no matter when you purchased the computer and how many years passed .
All for such a great price .
All in all , a very disappointing experience except that I learned how good the Geek Squad is and also Customer Service .
All of the programs -LRB- Keynote , Pages , Numbers -RRB- have an option to save your documents as Microsoft compatible , which really eliminates the need for the actual .
All the programs are easy and straight forward on my MacBook Pro , it is clean and organized , which I always strive to be myself .
All the things you can do with the trackpad make navigating around the computer and its programs so much simpler , quicker , and easier .
Also , HDD secures inside using rails , and there is only one set on the main hard drive .
Also , I have had alot of trouble with the keys sticking and will not type correctly .
Also , I have had alot of trouble with the shift key to go to other lines .
Also , I issued a replacement RMA for a few dead pixels in the upper zone of the screen , which is noticable to me .
Also , because of the size and consistancy of the laptop computer , some websites would n't even attempt to work on the computer because of browser problems .
Also , if you need to talk to a representive at Microsoft , there is a charge , which I believe is robbery , since you are charged enormous amounts for a very badly designed system , which most people would have went with XP if they could .
Also , macbooks come with much more features which are so cool !
Also , my sister got the exact same laptop -LRB- since they were so cheap -RRB- and after 8 months , the screen split in half just from everyday use .
Also , one of the users mentioned how the edges on the macbook is sharp , if you have money to spend on one of the incase shells , it does n't seem to be a problem .
Also , the battery does not last very long at all .
Also , the extended warranty was a problem .
Also , the space bar makes a noisy click every time you use it .
Also consider the MS Office apps are all trial versions , hope you have your own copies .
Also it is very good for college students who just need a reliable , easy to use computer .
Also kinda loud when the fan was running .
Also the display is exceptional !
Also the speakers are not very loud , But it is a netbook .
Although i do believe that Windows operating system may be to fault for some of the problems .
Although the price is higher then Dell laptops , the Macbooks are worth the dough .
Am very glad I bought it , great netbook , low price .
Amazing Quality !
And at one point , they blame me for installing a bad memory stick when I upgrade my memory for the first time during my purchase of the laptop -LRB- I bought the memory stick they recomended -RRB- .
And having to deal with the company has been a even worse nightmare .
And if you do a lot of writing , editing is a problem since there is no forward delete  key .
And if you do a lot of writing , editing is a problem since there is no forward delete key .
And if you have a iphone or ipod touch you can connect and download songs to it at high speed .
And not to mention after using it for a few months or so , the battery will slowly less and less hold a charge until you ca n't leave it unplugged for more than 5 minutes without the thing dying .
And that probably explains why I 've already had my SATA controller go bad within a year of buying it .
And the ram -LRB- the thing that makes it faster -RRB- comes sporting 2 gigs for high performance to handle more stuff at once and surf the web a whole lot faster than before .
And the screen on this thing is absolutely amazing for high quality videos and movies and gaming .
And the warranty on this macbook pro can last up to 5 years or 1000 battery recharge cycles .
Another Great thing is the Beast graphics .
Another THREE weeks later I had my laptop back with a new mousepad , keys , and casing .
Another included program that is laughable is the chess game .
Another issue I have with it is the battery .
Another thing I might add is the battery life is excellent .
Another thing is that after only a month the left mouse key broke and it costed $ 175 to send it in to fix it .
Anyway , in early July of this year , the DVD burner stopped working , and the computer stared having issues with power supply .
Anyways I bought this two months ago and when I first brought it home it kept giving me a message about a vibration in the hard drive and it is putting it temporaly in save zone .
Apparently there is a manufacturing defect , something with the amount of thermal paste .
Apparently under the screen there are 2 little screws and when the screen gets moved back and forth , they come loose .
Apparently well - built and gorgeous to look at , the i5 MacBook Pro is a winning combination of price and performance .
Apparently well-built and gorgeous to look at , the i5 MacBook Pro is a winning combination of price and performance .
Apple care included .
Apple is always great about the aesthetics of things , they always come up with good looking products .
Applications open in seconds and there are no lags , hiccups or awkward moments when you wonder whether your computer is out for tea .
As a computer science student in college , I find that the portability , longevity , and ease of use of this computer make me -LRB- shockingly -RRB- want to do homework more ;
As a die-hard Windows enthusiast , I shunned the idea of a Mac until this point .
As a lifelong Windows user , I was extremely pleased to make the change to Mac .
As a user of a PC , I will will admit that the macBook Pro has a better running system in which I found myself `` Getting the job done quicker .
As usual at customer service center , she asked me to hold for a moment while she went to the back-office and compare it with other same model netbooks and discussed it with her colleague -LRB- I could see them -RRB- .
As well as having the plug in the computer come loose .
As with any laptop not purchased with software options , it comes with a lot of what I consider useless applications .
Aside from the trial software and the short battery life , lack of a webcam , its great .
Asked the customer service rep .
Asus facial recognition does n't work and windows logon is n't either .
At first , the computer seemed a great deal -- seemingly high-end specs for a low , low price .
At first it worked well for a month or so then the system board failed and I send it in to toshiba some complaints and three weeks later I then receive my laptop back only to discover that it still has the same problem so now I have to send it back again to get it fixed again .
Awesome graphics !
Awesome laptop and the perfect size to carry around in college .
BEST BUY - 5 STARS + + + -LRB- sales , service , respect for old men who are n't familiar with the technology -RRB- DELL COMPUTERS - 3 stars DELL SUPPORT - owes a me a couple
BUT there 's this application called Boot Camp which allows you to add another OS X like Windows .
Battery is lasting about 6 hours as I am surfing the web on Sundays while checking football scores and watching funny Youtube videos .
Battery is not upgradable to a longer life battery .
Battery life could be better but overall for the price and Toshiba 's reputation for laptops it 's great !
Battery life needs more life .
Because he said that the hinge is under the motherboard and they have to dismantle the whole thing before it can be tightened .
Because we did not purchase the extended warranty in time , we are on the hook for the repair .
Before , I reloaded with Windows 7 Ultimate and used only the downloaded drivers from Acer 's site .
Being a PC user my whole life , it 's taking a bit of time to adapt to the OS of a Mac but I 'm finding my way around .
Besides the great look , it is a great machine .
Best thing is I can use existing 32 bit old programs .
Bigger HD , better graphics card , and a bid HD .
Boots up fast and runs great !
Browsing , also , was no problem for me when I used itunes -LRB- which usually slows down my PC -RRB- .
But , buy this model and just purchase 4GB of RAM -LRB- 2x2GB for $ 92 or 1x4GB for $ 99 -RRB- , and save yourself $ 100 than the other model with 8GB of RAM .
But , for the cost this is a winner .
But I needed a laptop for school use .
But Sony said we could send it back and be charged for adding the bluetooth an additional seventy something dollars .
But after using it a couple of weeks , the overall operation is poor .
But guess what ? -LRB- you have to buy an external dvd drive it does n't have a built in type -RRB- The notebook ca n't be used because it does n't read anything for an external drive .
But if you 're willing to pay another 200 dollar for a windows disc .
But other than that I am blown away by all the features this laptop offers .
But sadly the replacement froze-up while updating the BIOS again and shut down and would not turn back on .
But see the macbook pro is different because it may have a huge price tag but it comes with the full software that you would actually need and most of it has free future updates .
But sitting on a lap or on a desk in front of you it looks more than big enough -LRB- this could be because Im used to my Lenovo 10 tablet now -RRB- plus this is a great size if I want to unplug the external keyboard , mouse , and monitor to take it with me when I take photos and video .
But the arm velcro is torn after one use .
But the biggest pain is that tech support is not available 24/7 .
But the machine is awesome and iLife is great and I love Snow Leopard X .
But the machine is awesome and iLife is great and I love Snow Leopard X.
But the quality , in general was less than the worth of the cheap laptop .
But the screen size is not that bad for email and web browsing .
But to be honest , I do n't use my computer for anything like graphics editing and complex data analysis and gaming .
But to be honest , the compatibility issues and the other little quirks make me think I ll buy a PC next time .
But we had paid for bluetooth , and there was none .
But when I received my replacement , I made BOTH recovery DVDs -LRB- 4 -RRB- , and a driver/application DVD .
But with A WAY Bigger Screen , and IS able to connect to an HDMI .
But you must get the 15 inch .
COMPUTER HAS BEEN AT SERVICE FACILITY MORE THAN IN MY HANDS .
Ca n't close the 2nd HDD bay since there are brackets you have to break off -LRB- even then , it still does n't shut -RRB- That could be a major flaw for the dual HDD user .
Call tech support , standard email the form and fax it back in to us .
Called Acer many times , they want me to pay the shipping to ship it to their repair center - I was very disappointed since it is a brand new computer !
Called tech support and got the usual Acer `` We do n't support software but for $ $ $ we can help you '' I explained there was no software involved in booting .
Came fully loaded - good .
Can listen to my music and watch my videos with ease and with a great display .
Charger seems large for this class of computer .
Clear picture on it and everything .
Comes with iMovie ;
Comfterbale to use light easy to transport .
Compared to similarly spec 'd PCs , this machine is good value , well built and works easily right out of the box .
Connecting to my wireless router via built-in wireless took no time at all .
Cords coming out the right for power plus cords coming out front for headphones / mic plus network connection on left make for a very messy setup with cords going every direction .
Cords coming out the right for power plus cords coming out front for headphones/mic plus network connection on left make for a very messy setup with cords going every direction .
Could not keep up with me and finally the hard drive went out .
Crisp screen , great battery life , and plenty of storage .
DO NOT BUY GATEWAY COMPUTERS THEY ARE JUNK AND THE WARRANTY COMPANY IS HORRIBLE .
Dealing with the support drone on the other end of the chat was sheer torture .
Delivery was early too .
Dell's customer disservice is an insult to it 's customers who pay good money for shoddy products .
Design : very durable .
Despite the claims of the Apple apologists -LRB- a vice of which I am recently myself reformed -RRB- the internals of Mac laptops are NO different from PCs ' at this point .
Despite the inconvenient weight , I opted for the 12 cell battery .
Did I mention everything about it , from size to weight to keyboard screams BULK ?
Did n't work when shipped from Walmart.com but went into a store and exchanged for a working laptop -LRB- same make/model -RRB- .
Disappointing for such a lovely screen and at a reasonable price
Do you think I purposely `` destroy '' my netbook , so that I can demand a new set ? Do you think it 's fun to take public transport all the way to the service center and get a non-satisfactory solution ? Or rather NO solution .
Do yourself a favor and invest in a few external harddrives if you are planning on purchasing this laptop .
Downfalls : sharp edges .
Drivers updated ok but the BIOS update froze the system up and the computer shut down .
EITHER THE COMPUTER IS TOO SLOW TO DETECT THE KEYS TYPED -LRB- THIS IS UNLIKELY AS I AM A SLOW TYPIST -RRB- OR THE KEYBOARD SIMPLY DOES NOT DETECT THE KEYS BEING TYPED .
EITHER WAY , THE KEYBOARD IS UNSATISFACTORY .
Ease of use is just one of the benefits I love about my Mac .
Easy to carry , can be taken anywhere , can be hooked up to printers , headsets .
Easy to start up and does not overheat as much as other laptops .
Enabling the battery timer is useless .
Enjoy that Toshib force and durability unparalleled
Even doing so , the hinge may just be slightly tightened only .
Even out of warranty !
Even so , I like playing online games , so it was wonderful that there is a feature where I can dualboot Windows .
Even though it is running Snow Leopard , 2.4 GHz C2D is a bit of an antiquated CPU and thus the occasional spinning wheel would appear when running Office Mac applications such as Word or Excel .
Even though the computer is larger they did not make the keyboard larger .
Even with virus protection , it always turned off when updates were needed and installed .
Eventually my battery would n't charge , so unless I had it plugged in it would n't even power on .
Ever since I bought this laptop , so far I 've experience nothing but constant break downs of the laptop and bad customer services I received over the phone with toshiba customer services hotlines .
Every driver on the drivers/applications DVD is everything you will need for a reload .
Everything I have tried has worked and I never have to carry the wall charger cause the battery is so awesome .
Everything about the Mac is not only visually appealing , but very easy to use .
Everything about this computer is easy to use .
Everything from the design to the OS is simple and to the point .
Everything is so easy to use , Mac software is just so much simpler than Microsoft software .
Excellent LED monitor and well equipped .
Excellent speed for processing data .
Externally the keys on my keyboard are falling off , after a few uses the paint is rubbing off the button below the mouse pad and where the heals of my hands sit , and the screen has a terrible glare .
Fan noise : The fan made a constant hissing noise in the background .
Fan vents to the side , so no cooling pad needed , great feature !
Fast , great visual !
Features like the font are very block-like and old school .
Features such as the Dashboard -LRB- allows you to view frequently used tools like a calculator , weather forecast , movie times , calendar , computer post its etc. .
Finally , I should note that I took the 2GB RAM stick from my old EeePC and installed it before I even powered on for the first time .
Finally , the biggest problem has been tech support .
First , it does not have a push button to open the lid .
First , you ll discover that the word processing program known as Appleworks rarely translates perfectly on anyone else s computer , if it translates at all .
First it burned or fused the power adapter plug .
First of all , they had no record of me having the 3 year warranty I 'd paid almost $ 400 for , and I had to call in , spend hours on their online chat service , and fax in multiple documents .
First the screen goes completely out .
First things first , Macbook pro has many applications to make life easier , unlike the windows computers .
For me , keys were starting to get stuck and would n't type very well .
For me I was lucky and a local store was selling them for $ 2000 off and Best Buy matched their price so I was able to buy one for under $ 100Negative
For some odd reasons the computer does n't reconize the operation system .
For the -LSB- $ -RSB- price -LRB- special offer -RRB- this is a great laptop .
For the Bluetooth to work properly , you must install the Launch Manager on the Drivers/Applications DVD , or it will not show after the reload .
For the not so good , I got the stock screen - which is VERY glossy .
For the price and what I get out of it has exceeded my expectations .
For the same price , you get a lot more in the Asus ... 1920x1080 res .
For those that care about noise this thing does n't really make any ;
From the build quality to the performance , everything about it has been sub-par from what I would have expected from Apple .
From the get-go , the M6809 was unsteady in its operation ;
Fully charged , the MacBook Pro can last about five hours unplugged .
GET THIS COMPUTER FOR PORTABILITY AND FAST PROCESSING !!!
Games being the main issue .
Garageband is easy to work with , like all the other apple applications I 've had experience with .
Garageband is more for the musicians , and the laptop is equipped with a good working microphone , good enough for beginners and musicians at the intermediate level .
Getting the Apple Care plan is a must .
Going to bring it to service today .
Good for every day computing and web browsing .
Good keyboard , long battery life , largest hard drive and windows 7 .
Good monitor and performed well .
Good price .
Granted , it 's still a very new laptop but in comparison to my previous laptops and desktops , my Mac boots up noticeably quicker .
Graphics are clean and sharp , internet interfaces are seamless .
Great Laptop for the price , works well with action pack games .
Great OS , fabulous improvements to the existing line bumping up the processor speed and adding the thunderbolt port .
Great battery , speed , display .
Great laptop for school , easy to use for beginners in the household .
Great laptop that offers many great features !
Great pick for portability and affordability .
Great product , very easy to use and great graphics .
Great product by Apple with the new great looking design .
Great value , fast delivery - Computer works as if brand new , no problems , very pleased
Great wifi too .
HOW DOES THE POWER SUPPLY NOT WORK !!!
HP is more interested in selling extended warranties -LRB- which cost more than the netbook new -RRB- then they are in helping or fixing .
HP said it was out of warranty .
Had some trouble finding a case that it would fit in .
Hard disk - The new editions gives you more hard disk space -LRB- 500GB instead of 320GB -RRB- but time has taught me never to trust an internal hard disk .
Has a 5-6 hour battery life .
Have had many higher priced computers crash and burn long before ever got to use all that great memory and speed , etc. .
Have not yet needed any customer support with this yet so to me that is a great thing , which is leaps and bounds ahead of PC in my opinion .
He has replaced his hard drive twice and -LRB- of course -RRB- has had to pay for antivirus software every year .
He loves it and it is easy to use and well the schools start teaching the kids early about computers so it was easy for him to get started .
High price tag , however .
Hmmm - that high failure rate sure is n't reflected in the retail price .
How Toshiba handles the repair seems to vary , some folks indicate that they were charged for even an intial fix , others had the repair done 5 times .
However , I love this particular Mac because its very fast , great size , and has fantastic features like the lighted keyboard and easy mouse pad .
However , my girlfriend realized that the netbook 's hinge is a bit loose -LRB- when you open or close the LCD -RRB- .
However , the multi-touch gestures and large tracking area make having an external mouse unnecessary -LRB- unless you 're gaming -RRB- .
However the frozen screens kept happening .
I ' v spent as much for shipping as I would to buy a new netbook -- of course a different brand .
I 'm already hooked on the sleek look and dependability that this laptop has shown .
I 'm having the laptop returned unrepaired since paying $ 176 every 3 months just is n't worth it -LRB- that 's about how long the port seems to last -RRB- .
I 'm learning the finger options for the mousepad that allow for quicker browsing of web pages .
I 'm really impressed with the quality and performance for the price of the computer .
I 'm still within the one year warranty but the repair "depot" has deemed that this time it was caused by physical abuse and is not covered .
I 'm still within the one year warranty but the repair `` depot '' has deemed that this time it was caused by physical abuse and is not covered .
I 'm tired of the inept service .
I 've also had to have the keyboard replaced at my expense .
I 've been impressed with the battery life and the performance for such a small amount of memory .
I 've had to call Apple support to set up my new printer and have had wonderful experiences with helpful , english speaking -LRB- from Vancouver -RRB- techs that walked me through the processes to help me .
I 've have n't had any major problems with the laptop except that the plastic piece that covers the usb port wires have all come off .
I 've owned this labtop for less then two months , already the mouse button has broke .
I BOUGHT THIS LAP TOP AND THE CHARGE TIME DOSE N'T LAST AS LONG AS THEY SAY IT WILL MORE LIKE 2 HOURS
I ` have had it for about a 1 1/2 and yes I have had an issue with it one month out of warranty .
I ` ts nice to have the higher-end laptops , but this fits my budget and the features I need .
I actually contact Toshiba before I started having problem and was given run around after I supplied serial number in order to delay me sending in laptop until after warrenty expired .
I actually had the hard drive replaced twice , the mother board once , the dvd drive twice , then they FINALLY agreed to replace it , -LRB- ALL OF THIS IN LESS THAN 1 1/2 YEARS !
I acually believe the issue is with the Nvidia grafics card , but still requires a return .
I agree with the previous comment that ASUS TECH SUPPORT IS HORRIBLE WHICH IS A CON IN MY OPINION .
I already have a HP laptop I bought last year that 's standard size .
I also did not like the loud noises it made or how the bottom of the computer would get really hot .
I also enjoy the fact that my MacBook Pro laptop allows me to run Windows 7 on it by using the VMWare program .
I also got the added bonus of a 30 '' HD Monitor , which really helps to extend my screen and keep my eyes fresh !
I also got the added bonus of a 30" HD Monitor , which really helps to extend my screen and keep my eyes fresh !
I also had a problem with the touchpad that caused the mouse pointer to jump all over the screen .
I also like that you can scroll down in a window using two fingers on the trackpad .
I also like the acer arcade but these were reallythe only two things I liked about this laptop .
I also liked the glass screen .
I also love the design , the looks , the feel , and the my toshiba feature is wonderfull .
I also love the small , convenient size of my laptop , making it a perfect tool for my academic studies .
I also purchased Office Max's "Max Assurance" with the `` no lemon '' clause .
I also purchased iWork to go with it which has programs for word processing , spreadsheets , and presentations -LRB- similar to Microsoft Office -RRB- .
I always have used a tower home PC and jumped to the laptop and have been very satisfied with its performance .
I always use a backup hard disk to store important files at all times .
I am ADDICTED to photo booth !
I am constantly trying to uninstall programs , clean cookies , and delete unused files .
I am enjoying it and the quality it provides is great !
I am first time Mac Buyer and am amazed at features and ease of use the Mac offers .
I am forever changed and will no longer buy a Windows based machine for personal use .
I am most impressed with the programming , including the iPhoto .
I am not much of a computer techie , so I can understand some of the internal problems , though I do have trend micro as an antiviral program .
I am not sure if it was the drive itself , however ;
I am overall very pleased with my toshiba satellite , I like the extra features , I love the windows 7 home premium .
I am using the external speaker - sound is good .
I believe that the quality of a mac is worth the price .
I bought a Logitech desktop set in anticipation for using with the MBP , but I use the touchpad 90 % of the time .
I bought a cordless mouse for it , but do n't always take it out ;
I bought a protector for my key pad and it works great : -RRB-
I bought it for my mom and she reports that the battery life lasts all day for her , it 's very lightweight , and the response for the computing she 's doing -LRB- Internet focused activity : mail , research , etc. -RRB- is excellent ;
I bought it from HSN because it was `` bundled '' with extra software , but as it turns out , that software just crashes it more often ...
I bought this laptop and found its TAB is not functioning .
I bought this laptop because of the performance to price ratio .
I bought this last week , and the very next day had to return it because it over heated and the touch-mouse stopped responding .
I bought this notebook and only had it for 3 months If it is overload with updates the BOOT MGR .
I ca n't say enough of how satisfied I am with their product and help aftermarket .
I called their repair depot as was told they would send Me a new box to return the computer to the repair depot .
I can barely use any usb devices because they will not stay connected properly .
I can have both OSX and Windows XP running at the same time !
I can not be happier with the service or product .
I can render AVCHD movies with little effort , which was a problem for most pc 's unless you had a quad core I7 .
I charge it at night and skip taking the cord with me because of the good battery life .
I chose the iBookG4 , a laptop that is an attractive computer with a large screen big enough to please anyone .
I connect a LaCie 2Big external drive via the firewire 800 interface , which is useful for Time Machine .
I considered I may have too much on the computer , but after looking , there was plenty of space and that is not the issue .
I constantly had to send my laptop in for services every 3 months and it always seems to be the same problem that they said they had already fixed .
I contacted Acer and they are giving me FREE recovery DVDs , so do n't go and pay for them , just ask for them and they should give them to you .
I continued to take the computer in AGAIN and they replaced the hard drive and mother board yet again .
I could n't believe how long the battery lasted on a single charge .
I could not find a phone number anywhere to call an actual live person for tech support and had to result the their online chat .
I could save ten essay papers and have hardly any memory left .
I custom ordered the machine from HP and could NOT understand the techie due to his accent .
I definitely suggest getting an extended warranty , you will probably need it !
I did not have to call the support line at all .
I did think it had a camera because that was one of my requirements , but forgot to check in the specifications on this one before I purchased .
I dislike the quality and the placement of the speakers .
I dislike the weight and size , cubersome .
I do n't have stupid pop up windows -LRB- even when I have pop ups blocked -RRB- , I do n't have to wait 5 minutes for a webpage to download , and best of all I can run all the web programming software I need to use all at once without slowing me down .
I do n't understand why only Windows 7 Starter is included .
I do not experience a lot of heat coming out of it , however I would highly suggest purchasing a stand however , due to the nature of the design of the macbook as it is one very large heat sink .
I do transcription work on the side , and the flatline keyboard makes typing quick and easy as well .
I dual boot with Linux and that other security-prone OS and it performs flawlessly .
I edit and burn to DVD a lot of video , so I obviously could not live with a non-functioning drive .
I especially like the backlit keyboard .
I especially like the keyboard which has chiclet type keys .
I even got my teenage son one , because of the features that it offers , like , iChat , Photobooth , garage band and more !
I eventually did the migration from my iMac backup disc which uses USB .
I feel that it was poorly put together , because once in a while different plastic pieces would come off of it .
I finally decided on this laptop because it was the right price for what I need it .
I find myself using the 10-key more than I thought I would .
I gave it to my daughter because I just hated the screen , hated that it had no cd drive to at least play cd 's when I wanted to listen to music and do schoolwork .
I get a ton of compliments on its size , and speaking as someone who regularly commutes on a bus , I can attest to the fact that this is the perfect size computer if you 're restricted to the width of your body for computing room .
I got assurances from 2 different people that the remaining 10 months of my warranty would transfer to the new computer .
I got it back again and was told the motherboard had been replaced , so I was now on the SECOND motherboard within 3 months .
I got it back and my built-in webcam and built-in mic were shorting out anytime I touched the lid , -LRB- mind you this was my means of communication with my fiance who was deployed -RRB- but I suffered thru it and would constandly have to reset the computer to be able to use my cam and mic anytime they went out .
I got my MacBook Pro because I wanted to do all the stuff I need to do without worrying about the system quitting on me or freezing for a few minutes .
I guess he was the technical person .
I guess the only good thing that came out of these were the speakers and the subwoofer .
I had 3 months when the ports started going out .
I had a USB connect but , i ca n't use it because it is not compatible .
I had always used PCs and been constantly frustrated by the crashing and the poorly designed operating systems that were never very intuitive .
I had in the past a Dell laptop and they sent me the items it needed or they sent a repair technician to my house to fix it .
I had it four months when my disc drive refused to open .
I had my IWORKS , Itunes , Email , MS Office , network and printers set up and completely working perfectly within an hour .
I had of course bought a 3 year warranty, so I sent it in to be replaced and -LRB- almost 2 months later -RRB- the dv4 is what the sent me as a replacement .
I had purchased it from a major electronics store and took it to their service department to find out what the problem was .
I had read online that some users were having sound problems .
I had something else go wrong and they said it had to be in good working order to be able to buy the warranty .
I had static in the output , and I had to reduce the sound output quality to `` FM '' as opposed to the default `` CD .
I had the staff telling me older version did not make the fan noise cause it is a `` different '' computer .
I had to adjust my mousepad sensitivity , because it is very sensitive .
I had to call HP and ask for a recovery disk because the computer does not come with one and completely redo it all .
I had to pay $ 100 for a universal charger for this cheap $ 300 laptop .
I had to pay for the shipping !
I had to re-install Windows within two weeks of the purchase and soon discovered cracks in the screen hinges .
I had upgraded my old MacBook to Lion , so I kind of knew what I was getting , but had n't been able to enjoy some of the awesome new multi-touch features .
I hate the display screen and I have done everything I could do the change it .
I have Vista , so I am unable to install and uninstall some programs .
I have Vista , so I am unable to install and uninstall  some programs .
I have been very pleased with the performance of this laptop .
I have found also , it is very easy to be able to access wireless internet access ;
I have found it very easy to use , very imformative , wonder alerts and tutorials making it very easy for someone like me who is not exactly technologically advanced to learn to use the various features and programs .
I have had another Mac , but it got slow due to an older operating system .
I have had no problems with it unlike some hardware defects on past models .
I have had to call with a few questions or issues and they have helped me for free , even without the warranty .
I have in the past gotten superfine sandpaper and `` fixed '' the edges by rounding them off .
I have never really been big on downloading anything so I was n't too worried about getting a virus , plus I thought I was protected by Norton .
I have no idea how this could have even gotten past quality control during production .
I have no idea how to burn cd 's or to use the web cam , just for starters .
I have no idea how to burn cd's or to use the web cam , just for starters .
I have not had a problem with the applications quitting or freezing .
I have only had PCs with Windows before so this takes a little getting use to .
I have other computers that get strong signals that do n't drop in places that this `` net `` book loses its signal .
I have to keep turning it until it decides to lower and there is no mute .
I highly recommend this laptop to anybody that wants great performance from a laptop and would like to relax and not become enraged cursing the gods about to throw your laptop out the door .
I hope to edit this in the next few hours , I am going to try to install my own copy of Windows 7 .
I just plug this into my 22 '' Monitor and the speedy MacOSX performs just as well on this dual-core that my Dell did with Windows 7 with a quad-core .
I just plug this into my 22" Monitor and the speedy MacOSX performs just as well on this dual-core that my Dell did with Windows 7 with a quad-core .
I just took the broken cords into the Apple store and they gave me new ones .
I know that everyone thinks Macs are overpriced and overrated , but once you get past the initial expense you 'll find that they 're worth every penny -LRB- besides , there 's always the financing plan that Best Buy offers -RRB- .
I know there are way better laptops out there for the same price , and why spend money on shit when you can go out and get yourself a perfectly decent laptop that doesnt suck total monkey balls .
I know what 7 hrs of battery looks like .
I like how the Mac OS is so simple and easy to use .
I like those programs better than Office and you can save your files to be completely compatible with the Office programs as well .
I liked the aluminum body .
I loaded windows 7 via Bootcamp and it works flawlessly !
I looked around and based off my price / features comparison from a brand I trusted I landed here .
I love WIndows 7 which is a vast improvment over Vista .
I love a `` pc '' but I was ready for a change and tired of the windows system .
I love its solid build , light wt and excellent battery life -LRB- for now -RRB- .
I love my Apple , it is quick and easy to use .
I love the dock where I can simply drop a file ontop of a particular program , and the program will simply open that file .
I love the easy to see screen , and It works well for work , persoal or just play .
I love the feel of the key board , as well as the trackpad .
I love the glass touchpad .
I love the keyboard .
I love the multi-touch trackpad .
I love the operating system and the preloaded software .
I love the size , keyboard , the functions .
I love the solid machined aluminum frame , and the keyboard is the best of any laptop I 've used .
I love the way the entire suite of software works together .
I love this program , it is superior to windows movie maker .
I love to write and play with graphics and html programming and my new Toshiba works great on both !
I love windows 7 but i ca n't give Toshiba any credit for that , unless y' all get serious about ergonomics and making required connections less obtrusive i will be looking to different manufacturer next time .
I loved the netbook -LRB- minus the fact that it was windows OS -RRB- until this started happening .
I made a photo book as a gift , on my computer , pushed `` Buy '' and it drew from my iTunes account and sent the book to my house , the book was of perfect quality-exactly how I had created it and looked better than I had even imagined .
I mainly use it for email , internet , and managing personal files -LRB- pics , vids , etc. -RRB- .
I need graphic power to run my Adobe Creative apps efficiently .
I needed a driver for my HP and they would not help me with out me paying over $ 50 for it .
I never had this kind of quality issue with Dell -LRB- not to say Dell is that great -RRB- , not with a brand new laptop .
I noticed windows has a new system called Windows 7 , what about us Vista users ? They should get all the bugs out of Vista before investing in a new system .
I now realize that my $ 900 would have been better spent on a Windows laptop .
I ordered through MacMall , which saved me the sales tax I would have incurred buying locally .
I paid for extra memory and the 17-inch screen , as well as the top of the line DVD and CD burners .
I personally like the gaming look but needed a machine that delivered gaming performance while still looking professional in front of my customers .
I picked it out because it was inexpensive -LRB- $ 400 -RRB- and I thought it would be a good , easy to use first laptop .
I play a lot of casual games online , and the touchpad is very responsive .
I preferred the fit and feel of the 13 inch .
I previously purchased a 13 '' macbook -LRB- had pro specs and was aluminum style -RRB- which had a nvidia 9800 -LRB- If I am not mistaken -RRB- and it had major heating issues .
I previously purchased a 13 '' macbook -LRB- had pro specs and was aluminum style -RRB- which had a nvidia 980Negative -LRB- If I am not mistaken -RRB- and it had major heating issues .
I purchased a Toshiba Satellite M60 -LRB- with harman/kardon speakers ! -RRB- in December of 2005 .
I purchased this netbook after my original Toshiba laptop crashed right after the warranty expired .
I recommend for word processing and internet users .
I regret buying it before understanding how awful it is to use .
I reinstalled windows through the recovery discs and everything seemed good again .
I reloaded with Windows 7 Ultimate , and the Bluetooth and Fingerprint reader -LRB- software -RRB- would not load .
I respond that I do not have the old computer and this way I would lose the data on my hard drive .
I run Dreamweaver , Final Cut Pro 7 , Photoshop , Safari , Firefox , MSN Messenger and a few other applications constantly at the same time .
I run windows via bootcamp for the couple programs I do not want to buy a mac version of , like my cad programs .
I saw walmart had the same computer for about $ 650 but still knowing what I know now , I would not buy it at that price .
I sent it back and found this time that the battery was faulty , so I got a new one and some other fixes they found .
I sent it back to Toshiba twice they covered it under the warranty .
I should have checked this before I installed my applications .
I spoke with a service rep at Micro Center and his girlfriend is having the same problem with her power adapter , so it 's not just an isolated incident !!!
I still have that stupid bluetooth mouse to !
I take it everywhere with me because it 's so easy to carry .
I think part of the problem with this computer is Vista , yet I know Vista is n't the entire issue because my latest purchase was my Acer and it also has Vista -LRB- I should have waited the few months to get the next operating system -RRB- .
I think that if it is the motherboard again so soon that they should replace it .
I think the manual is somewhere on the hard drive , but I rather have a hard copy .
I thought learning the Mac OS would be hard , but it is easily picked up if you are familiar with a PC .
I thought the price was great for the specs .
I thought the white Mac computers looked dirty too quicly where you use the mousepad and where you place your hands when typing .
I took 3-4 years researching brands and prices of laptops .
I took it back for an Asus and same thing - blue screen which required me to remove the battery to reset .
I took it in to the Apple store and guess what ? They fixed it , no cost out of pocket .
I took it to friend who temporarily fixed it and I finally paid about 1500 for the extended warranty .
I took off a star because the machine has a lot of junk software on it .
I upgraded it 's RAM to 2GB , I am very happy with it .
I upgraded the memory and replaced the base Windows 7 Starter to Win 7 Home , and it runs just fine .
I use a cooling pad but it does n't help .
I use iphoto all the time , which is a great program for anyone who is into photography - amateurs and experts alike .
I use the computer to basically check emails , surf the web , print coupons and for my college papers .
I use this for my tutoring business , and since I 'm always bouncing from student to student , it is ideal for portability and battery life -LRB- yes , it gets the 8 hours as advertised ! -RRB- .
I used to build my own desktops from the component parts , and recently my 7 year old Pentium 4 with HT 1 GB ram SATA desktop stopped working -LRB- this was a rock star 7 years ago -RRB- .
I wanted something that had a new Intel Core processors and HDMI port so that we could hook it up directly to our TV .
I wanted to purchase the extended warranty and they refused , because they knew it was trouble .
I was a little weary at purchasing another 13 '' macbook almost 2 years later but t looks like the newer macbooks have gotten its current line of graphics cards in order this time around .
I was also able to install and use my Photoshop and AfterEffects programs easily .
I was disappointed when I realized that the keyboard does n't light up on this model .
I was happy with My purchase of a Toshiba Satellite L305D-S5934 laptop until it came time to have it repaired under the Toshiba Warranty .
I was looking for a mac which is portable and has all the features that I was looking for .
I was looking too closely at the other performance specs and while comparing , I took it for granted that these features were standard .
I was loving this Netbook because it had an amazing screen and display and was small and light , but after 1 week it stopped openning web pages for me -LRB- even after installing new browsers -RRB- then eventually it just started giving me a blue screen and crashing everytime I booted it .
I was n't a big fan of the Netbooks but this one was very well designed .
I was originally concerned that I could n't view work I had done in college on my Mac because of the PC formatting , but I was even more thrilled to learn of programs like iLife and iWork that allow you to convert your PC documents into readable files on Macs .
I was ready to take it back for a refund , but the Geek Squad camed through and pointed me in the right direction to get it fixed .
I was said it 's videocard .
I was sorly disapointed to discover that HP -LRB- what I thought was a reputable company -RRB- would n't honor the warrenty when the fan blade fell apart .
I was taught to use Photoshop and was amazed .
I was told by many that it was a great computer , but we got one of these , and it worked great for one year , and as soon as the warrenty was up , then it got really bad .
I went to Toshiba online help and found some suggestions to fix it .
I will definitely be getting a new laptop if it has any more issues after the warranty expires and researching carefully when I do so I do n't run accross a situation like this again !
I will have to purchase Spy ware or Nortell for privacy protection .
I will never buy another computer from Dell ever again do to how awful it worked and how I was treated by the company .
I will never go back to Windows !
I wiped nearly everything off of it , installed OpenOffice and Firefox , and I am operating an incredibly efficient and useful machine for a great price .
I wish Toshiba would allow their customers to select an option that only boots the OS at setup and removes all the unnecessary stuff .
I wish iWork or MS Office came with the Mac , but MS Office does n't even come with most pc laptops .
I wish it had a webcam though , then it would be perfect !
I wish the volume could be louder and the mouse didnt break after only a month .
I work in film editing and post production , so I need a laptop that not only has power , but memory and speed as well .
I would definitely reccomend this if you are in the market for an easy to use , stylish , fun , awesome computer .
I would like at least a 4 hr . battery life .
I would like to have volume buttons rather than the adjustment that is on the front .
I would like to use a different operating system altogether .
I would n't play a first-person shooter with this , mind , but if you wanted to run MS Office , email , chat , download a video , listen to music from a certain fruit-named music store , and were looking for a highly portable yet powerful netbook to do that all in , I 'd highly recommend checking this out .
I would not recommend this to anyone wanting a notebook expecting the performance of a Desktop it does not meet the expectations .
I would rate this computer at 5 stars , but considering it has a short life span I can only give it 1 and implore anyone looking at laptops to stay away from this machine .
I would rather spend my money on a computer that costs more then a Toshiba that is n't good at all .
I would recommend it just because of the internet speed probably because thats the only thing i really care about .
I would recommend this computer to anyone searching for the perfect laptop , and the battery life is amazing .
I would recommend this laptop to anyone looking to get a new laptop who is willing to spend a little more money to get great quality !
I would tell the technician I knew exactly what was wrong with it but they did not listen and I had to go through a bunch of junk to get them to tell me I needed to send the computer in .
If a website ever freezes -LRB- which is rare -RRB- , its really easy to force quit .
If internet connectivity is important I would recommend going with a dell net book for 50 bucks more , or buy a USB wireless card .
If this is an improvement in Customer Service then I would hate too see what it was before !
If upgrade is possible to the full Windows 7 , then I will truly be a very happy geek .
If what you need is a machine to do some surfing , email checking , word processing , and watching a movie or two , this is the machine you want .
If you 're looking for something to fly through those massive spreadsheets or play a graphics-intensive game , you 'd be better off getting a machine aimed at that segment of the market .
If you check you will find the same notebook with the above missing ports and a dual core AMD or Intel processor .
If you do n't feel comfortable doing it yourself , just buy the case and be happy , plus it looks nice , I bought the white one from Best Buy .
If you really want a bang-up system and do n't need to run Windows applications , go with an Apple ;
If you want a little more custom ability , drop a few bucks and upgrade to one of the more robust versions of Win 7 and grab a 2GB stick of memory to spice it all up a bit more .
If you want more information on macs I suggest going to apple.com and heading towards the macbook page for more information on the applications .
If your time is worth anything to you , if you are tired of rebooting , reformatting , reinstalling , trying to find drivers , if you want a computer to work for you for a change , make the change to this computer .
Im glad that it has such great features in it .
Images are crisp and clean .
In November my computer messed up entirely and would n't power on after intalling a Windows update , I had to have my HD flashed and lost EVERYTHING on it , including my school assignments and irriplaceable pictures that were only in digital format and several other things , when this update was installed for some reason I was unable to roll back the drivers and everything to an earlier working condition because when the update was installed it deleted my history .
In addition , all the design tools on Pages and Keynotes makes it much easier to create professional looking documents and presentations .
In addition , there is photo detection software that will allow you to group all the photos together based upon the people in the picture .
In all honesty , if someone is looking for a quality laptop and willing to pay a little more money for a normal sized laptop than a cheaper and less impressive laptop , then do not buy this computer .
In desparation , I called their Customer Service number and was told that my warranty had expired -LRB- 2 days old -RRB- and that the priviledge of talking to a technician would cost me -LRB- `` have your credit card ready '' -RRB- .
In due course , I 'll remove the hard disc from this new MacBook Pro and dump it where it belongs - in the trash .
In early May I got it back and this time I only had it back for 1 day before it had a NEW issue so it was sent back in for the 6th time they `` expedited '' the repairs so I was only supposed to have to be without it for 3 days and it was supposed to be fixed , by a `` Senior Tech '' .
In fact , somehow -LRB- and I never opened it up -RRB- some specks of dust or something got inside the screen and are now there permanently , behind the front of the screen , in the way of the display .
In the first moth of owning this computer its hardrive failed which had to be replaced .
In the shop , these MacBooks are encased in a soft rubber enclosure - so you will never know about the razor edge until you buy it , get it home , break the seal and use it -LRB- very clever con -RRB- .
Info : Windows failed to load because the kernal is missing , or corrupt .
Iphoto is great for adding pictures right to facebook and other social networking sites .
Is this partially due to the fact that it is running Windows Vista ?
It 's a great product for a great price !
It 's also fairly easy to use the Operating System .
It 's also very capable of doing moderate video editing -LRB- although you may need the performance boost of the larger MacBook Pros for heavy duty mobile video editing -RRB- .
It 's applications are terrific , including the replacements for Microsoft office .
It 's color is even cool .
It 's even easy to hook up to other wireless networks .
It 's fast , it 's easy easy easy to set up , easy to hook to my wireless network .
It 's fast and has excellent battery life .
It 's graphics are n't bad at all , for the lower end of the MacBook Pro spectrum , easily capable of running StarCraft II and other games with comparable graphics .
It 's just as fast with one program open as it is with sixteen open .
It 's like 9 punds , but if you can look past it , it 's GREAT !
It 's not a wear-and-tear issue , not due to user carelessness and most importantly , they CA N'T guarantee the problem will be solved if it is sent for service and I have to accept the outcome .
It 's now all commodity hardwar e.
It 's perfect for everything and runs faster than an average pc !
It 's priced very reasonable and works very well right out of the box .
It 's so bad that I 'm thinking I only got half a battery or something .
It 's so much easier to navigate through the operating system , to find files , and it runs a lot faster !
It 's so nice to look at and the keys are easy to type with .
It 's software and speed enable it to do amazing things .
It 's still beautiful and has better color reproduction than I could ever expect from a notebook .
It 's super fast and a great value for the price !
It 's wonderful for computer gaming .
It absolutely is more expensive than most PC laptops , but the ease of use , security , and minimal problems that have arisen make it well worth the pricetag .
It also came with a built it web cam which is great because I can see an communicate with my family members back home .
It also does not have bluetooth .
It bluescreened on me without any warning , running simply basic Chrome .
It caught a virus that completely wiped out my hard drive in a matter of hours .
It could be a perfect laptop if it would have faster system memory and its radeon 5850 would have DDR5 instead of DDR3 .
It could be a perfect laptop if it would have faster system memory and its radeon 585Negative would have DDR5 instead of DDR3 .
It did fairly well , other than it 's poor performance , overheating and occational blue screen .
It did n't come with any software installed outside of windows media , but for the price , I was very pleased with the condition and the overall product .
It did n't take me long to get switched over to the Mac computer programs and navigation - it 's been just fine and like the way this laptop functions much better .
It did not have all the features I expected it to have .
It discharges too quickly .
It does not even have the software to play a dvd now .
It does not keep internet signals no matter where you bring it .
It doesnt work worth a damn .
It drives me crazy when I want to download a game or something of that nature and I ca n't play it because its not compatable with the software .
It even has a great webcam , and Skype works very well .
It fires up in the morning in less than 30 seconds and I have never had any issues with it freezing .
It gets stuck all of the time you use it , and you have to keep tapping on it to get it to work .
It gives me the power and speed that I need to run all the programs I use to edit .
It had a cooling system malfunction after 10 minutes of general use , and would not move past this error .
It had most of the features and all of the power that I wanted to replace my desktop machine .
It had some kind of pre installed software update that completely shut the computer down when you clicked it .
It had the full sized touch pad with 2 buttons instead of just one .
It has a .1 ghz faster processor and a stock 500gb hard drive .
It has a 10 hour battery life when you 're doing web browsing and word editing , making it perfect for the classroom or office , and in terms of gaming and movie playing it 'll have a battery life of just over 5 hours .
It has a faster processor and more ram .
It has a lot of memory and a great battery life .
It has all the features that are necessary for college and if not they are able to be added onto the computer .
It has bein into the shop to get a new hardrive 2 times and to fix the touch control buttons on the keyboard !
It has come into good use for my finances , scheduling , my parents business expenses , and it is definitely amazing for gaming .
It has easy to use features and all the speed and power I could ask for .
It has far exceeded my expectations for power , storage , and abilitiy .
It has good speed and plenty of hard drive space .
It has just enough RAM to run smoothly and enough memory to satisfy my needs .
It has many great programs , such as ILife , iPhotos and others .
It has plenty of memory , lots of hard drive , and great graphics .
It is VERY easy to type on and feels great - besides the added feature that the keyboard is lighted .
It is a REAL touchpad , not the toy I saw in other brands .
It is a much more streamlined system for adding programs , using the internet , and doing other things everyone does on a computer .
It is absolutely horrible to use , despite all its so called advanced features .
It is also very lightweight , making transporting this computer very easy .
It is always reliable , never bugged and responds well .
It is easy to go from one keyboard to another .
It is easy to navigate and update programs .
It is easy to operate and I have already ordered more software and gadgets for my new Rolls Royce of laptops .
It is easy to use , fast and has great graphics for the money .
It is easy to use , good quality and good price .
It is easy to use , has great screen quality , and every so light weight .
It is easy to use , its keyboard easily accommodates large hands , and its weight is fantasic .
It is easy to use and lightweight .
It is everything I 'd hoped it would be from a look and feel standpoint , but somehow a bit more sturdy .
It is extremely portable and easily connects to WIFI at the library and elsewhere .
It is fast and i have not had a problem with internet connection or any other problems .
It is fast booting up , shutting down , and connection with the internet .
It is good to know that I can mobilize without having to worry about the battery life .
It is in the best condition and has a really high quality .
It is known as Safari , and if you are doing any website work , you should know that many hosting companies do not support it .
It is light and the battery last a very long time .
It is loaded with programs that is of no good for the average user , that makes it run way to slow .
It is much faster than my desktop which is a Core2 Quad running at 2.83 GHz .
It is not ideal for children because of the temp .
It is short on space , and downloads always had problems being completed , or were said to be ` corrupted ' .
It is sleek and lightweight and charges quickly when needed .
It is so much easier to use
It is so nice not to worry about that and the extra expense that comes along with the necessary virus protection on PC 's .
It is so simple to use , I use it more than my desktop .
It is speedy when connected wirelessly to any network regardless if the connection is weak or not .
It is stamped and not in pieces therefore it is a stronger more resilient frame .
It is super easy to use .
It is very well built .
It is well worth the money it cost , Very good investment .
It just works flawlessly !
It made the computer much easier to use and navigate .
It played various games without problems and ran aero smoothly and flawlessly .
It pretty much does everything we could ever need , and looks great to boot .
It rarely works and when it does it 's incredibly slow .
It really is perfect for work and play .
It runs perfectly .
It runs very quiet too which is a plus .
It seemed to be a very nice laptop except I was not able to load my Garmin GPS software or Microsoft Office 2003 .
It seems they could have updated XP and done without creating Vista .
It started out by randomly ceasing to charge when it was plugged in -LRB- mousing over the battery icon would read , for example , `` 74 % , plugged in , not charging '' -RRB- , requiring me to unplug it and plug it back in several times to get it to charge .
It takes me approximately 3 tries to get to each site , then after closing the browser and reopening it it actually works .
It took Toshiba tech support 4 calls and 4 different techs to correct the problem .
It took several weeks just to get them to acknowledge that I owned the warranty .
It was a great laptop , ran great and was really fast .
It was hard to handle and operate at school .
It was heavy , bulky , and hard to carry because of the size .
It was loaded with Windows Vista Home Premium -- delivered with only 1GB of RAM , and it was a * dog * .
It was not clear that the Microsoft Student Edition that was loaded on the computer , was a six month trial .
It was secure and easy to navigate .
It was slow , locked up , and also had hardware replaced after only 2 months !
It was still working , but there was nothing on the screen .
It was super easy to set up and Is really easy to get used to .
It was truly a great computer costing less than one thousand bucks before tax .
It was very easy to just pick up and use -- It did not take long to get used to the Mac OS .
It weighed like seven pounds or something like that .
It works exactly like it did the day I took it out of the box .
It works fine with our wireless and they 've had not problems .
It works great for general internet use , Microsoft Office apps , home bookkeeping , etc. .
It works really well .
Its Office compatible , but the features and its functioning is all new again so you might as well save the money and just learn the pre installed mac programs .
Its a good laptop for its value .
Its also FUN to use !
Its ease of use and the top service from Apple - be it their phone assistance or bellying up to the genius bar - can not be beat .
Its fast , has High definition quality in the videos .
Its fast and another thing I like is that it has three USB ports .
Its good for playing my apps on Facebook or watching movies .
Its not just slow on the internet , its slow in general .
Its pretty fast and does not have hiccups while I am using it for web browsing , uploading photos , watching movies -LRB- 720p -RRB- on occasion and creating presentations .
Its small enough where I can take it pretty much anywhere , but still has a big enough screen to get everything done .
Its very nice and once you learn the features you will be so happy to have such a sophisticated computer .
Its white color is stylish for college students and easy to take to carry and take to classes .
Ive had to call tech support many times .
Just a black screen !
Keyboard could use some trimming .
Keyboard good sized and wasy to use .
Keyboard is great , very quiet for all the typing that I do .
Keyboard is great but primary and secondary control buttons could be more durable .
Keyboard is plastic and spongey feeling .
Keyboard is reasonable size .
Keyboard was also very nice and had a solid feel .
Keys stick periodically and I havent had the laptop for 45 days yet .
LOVE THIS LAPTOP WONDERFUL PRICE FOR WHAT YOU GET !
Laptop is advertised as a 15 '' but the casing looks like that of a 17 '' .
Laptop is advertised as a 15 '' but the casing looks like that of a 17" .
Laptop is advertised as a 15" but the casing looks like that of a 17 '' .
Laptop was in new condition and operational , but for the audio problem when 1st sent for repair .
Laptops are usually used on the go , so why not give you a better battery ?
Later it held zero charge and its replacement worked for less than three months .
Learning all of the keyboard shortcuts only took a few minutes to get used to as some of the shortcuts are the same on Windows machines .
Lightweight and the screen is beautiful !
Like the price and operation .
Loaded with bloatware .
Long story , but after many calls to various offices , I was told that no one can override the depot and that managers do n't take phone calls or e/mails .
Long story short , since I experience so many problems with my laptop every since I bought it from day one , I did n't ask for a new laptop or a refund of what I pay for a crapy laptop , but just an extension of my laptop warranty for another year , they made a big deal of out that and after so many calls and complaints about their products and services , they finally gave in .
Looks nice , but has a horribly cheap feel .
Love that it does n't take up space like a regular computer .
Love the graphics , awesome programs -LRB- including Garageband -RRB- , and really cool default background .
Love the speed , especially !
Love the stability of the Mac software and operating system .
MY ONLY PROBLEM IS I CAN NOT REG . THE PRODUCT KEY .
Mac also has many apps and programs that are quite cheap or free .
Mac is not made for gaming .
MacBook Notebooks quickly die out because of their short battery life , as well as the many background programs that run without the user 's knowlede .
Many kinds of software that is necessary to the working person is not available and can not be downloaded .
Many of my classmates computers hard drives crashed .
Maximum sound is n't nearly as loud as it should be .
Maybe this is virus related , maybe not , but the computer has locked up many times , and on two occasions , the screen has simply gone black .
Memory is upgradable .
Microsoft seems to be unable to keep up with repairs for the multitude of windows problems .
Microsoft word was not on it andI had to buy it seperately .
Mine came at $ 1,700 w/o a DVD burner -LRB- ! -RRB- .
Moral of the story : - Do not buy anything from companies that do not respect their customers .
More times that not the screen pops up saying I have a bad internet connection , or the page ca n't be displayed .
Most everything is fine with this machine : speed , capacity , build .
Mostly I love the drag and drop feature .
My MacBook Pro works like a dream , it has never overheated , or even been slightly warm for that matter .
My ONLY issues are : 1 -RRB- the screen/video resolution wo n't increase to a higher resolution then 1024 x 6Negative
My Toshiba did not have sound on everything , just certain things .
My battery went bad about a year and a half after having it and it cost around eighty to a hundred dollars !
My computer froze on several occasion , had buttons that randomely would fall off and even had moments when the computer would refuse to turn on at all .
My dad has one of the very first Toshibas ever made , yes its abit slow now but still works well and i hooked to my ethernet !
My daughter uses it for games , email , facebook , pictures and music .
My favorite part of this computer is that it has a vga port so I can connect it to a bigger screen .
My first problem was with the pre-loaded Norton Firewall/Security program .
My friend just had to replace his entire motherboard , so did my wife , and it looks like I will have to as well .
My friend reports the notebook is astonishing in performance , picture quality , and ease of use .
My husband got me this for Chrismas after getting me a very expensve laptop that did not work after 2 days .
My husband uses it mostly for games , email and music .
My kids -LRB- and dogs -RRB- destroyed two power cords by pulling on them .
My laptop cost approximately $ 2,300 and DIED after only 2-years , 10-months and 18-days of use .
My laptop now has no battery .
My last computer , a Toshiba , cost only $ 400 , and worked like a charm for many years .
My macbook is so much better looking and so thin !
My main reason to convert was the imovie program .
My one complaint with this laptop is that I 've noticed an electronic fuzz sound coming out of the headphone jack when headphones are plugged in .
My only disappointment with the 13 '' model is that they 're the only ones in the MacBook Pro line up without an i5 or i7 processor and dual graphics cards , however the trade-off is that you achieve a longer battery life -LRB- of about 2 more hours -RRB- .
My opinion of Sony has been dropping as fast as the stock market , given their horrible support , but this machine just caused another plunge .
My power supply cord developed exposed wires within the first year of ownership , so it was covered by the Applecare warranty plan .
My problem was with DELL Customer Service .
My real problem with it ? The statement of 7 hour battery life is not just mere exaggeration -- it 's a lie .
My sister has the same Mac as me and she is in a band and uses GarageBand to record and edit .
My wireless system would not recognize Windows 7 and I could n't get online to find out why .
Navigation through the computer is far superior compared to Windows operating systems , as well .
Needs Power and Mouse Cable to Plug in back instead of side , In the way of operating a mouse in small area .
Needs longer lasting battery , More than 1 to 2 Hrs .
Newegg 's RMA service was great as always , I contacted them late Friday night , and they issued me an RMA number and a PrePaid UPS shipping label the very next morning on Saturday .
Next , most Acer laptop fans are on the bottom which is right on your laptop .
Nightly my computer defrags itself and runs a virus scan .
No , tey do n't even support their own bios and it `` could be a problem with the bios '' How can a company that makes a fairly decent product get away with such insanity ??!!
No luck , although I waited for hours on the phone-Visited MacHouse , they stated the their call center is down due to too many phonecalls -LRB- difficult to believe -RRB- .
No temporary replacement , they are out of replacements because `` many computers had problems with the Nvidia chipset '' - Inquired status of repair .
No tutorials on the display .
None of the techs at HP knew what they were doing .
Not easy to carry .
Not even safe mode boots .
Not only are the versions of these programs able to be saved , worked on and opened on both a PC and Mac , the versions of these programs on a Mac are graphically and functionally superior .
Not sure how I recommend it for quality gaming , as I have a desktop rig for that reason .
Not to mention , the battery life is absolutely amazing .
Not to mention it has shit gigs .
Not to mention sometimes the whole charger unit will decide not to work entirely .
Not to mention the fact that your mac comes fully loaded with all necessary basic programs .
Not too much `` junk '' software to remove .
Now , , , , , my monitor has been acting up for about 2 months .
Now , as easy as it is to use , and I do think it is a great STARTER laptop .
Now I had not tried to use this since the disc drive had been replaced and after taking it back to the Geek Squad I found out they had accidently not used the right drive when they replaced the first one , so back it went to get the correct drive .
Now I have the best of both worlds with all of the power and ease of the Mac !
Now for the hardware problems .
Now mainboard is broken , have to wait for a new one .
Now the machine wo n't connect and Toshiba says that they did replace the connection card in May but they only warranty the repair for 30 days and now I 'm out of warranty even though this has been a constant 5 month occurance since I bought the netbook .
Now the screen is going darker , darker , darker .
Now when I order I did not go full scale for the webcam or full keyboard I wanted something for basics of being easy to carry when I use crutchs or wheelchair and with a backpack laptop bag .
OS X is solid with lots of innovations such as quicklook which save heaps of time .
Obviously one of the most important features of any computer is the `` human interface .
Of course , I also have several great software packages that came for free including iWork , GarageBand , and iMovie .
Of course , I inspected the other netbooks and clearly their hinges are tighter and I even demonstrate the difference between my netbook and others .
Of course , for a student , weight is always an issue .
Oh and if thats not bad enough it does n't come with a recovery cd so you can make one if you know how to or buy one if you buy it the cost is $ 25 for two cds .
Oh and it has word and stuff but its a trial verion so after about a month or so when you go to open it it asks for a product key which didnt come with the computer and even after clicking cancel it wont let you use it at all I use the old word processer which works good .
Oh yea , has no numeric pad on the side .
Oh yeah , do n't forget the expensive shipping to and from HP .
On my PowerBook G4 I would never use the trackpad I would use an external mouse because I did n't like the trackpad .
Once I removed all the software the laptop loads in 15-20 seconds .
Once again , I was told it was the suspicious power supply problem .
Once open , the leading edge is razor sharp .
One drawback , I wish the keys were backlit .
One drawback I noticed was sound quality via USB .
One more tip , please purchase this model and get a 4GB stick of RAM to save you $ 1Negative
One night I turned the freaking thing off after using it , the next day I turn it on , no GUI , screen all dark , power light steady , hard drive ligh t steady and not flashing as it usually does .
One night I turned the freaking thing off after using it , the next day I turn it on , no GUI , screen all dark , power light steady , hard drive light steady and not flashing as it usually does .
One suggestion I do have , is to not bother getting Microsoft office for the mac expecting it will work just like you knew it to on a PC .
Only a few days after I received the computer back , the screen froze again .
Only issue is that it is a little slow , and I 'm fixing that by adding more RAM .
Only other thing is that if you are using this for document creation Apple doesnt provide any kind of word processor -LRB- such as works for windows -RRB- , but iwork is cheap compared to office .
Only thing I would want to add to this is an internal bluray read/write drive .
Or the cursor would show up some place else .
Other installed features , such as certain printer software , are also most attractive .
Other than that , I would recommend this to someone in need of a cheap laptop with semi-decent gaming capabilities .
Other than that its a great performing machine and well meets all my needs and more .
Otherwise , all other features are a Neutral
Overall , I experienced a huge change in that my mac runs pretty fast compared to my old PC .
Overall , this laptop is definitely a keeper with its simple yet stylish design and its array of fantastic colors to choose from .
Overall : Poor , Features : Average , Performance : Poor , Battery Life : Excellent , Price - Value : Poor
Overall : Poor , Features : Average , Performance : Poor , Battery Life : Excellent , Price-Value : Poor
Overall I feel this netbook was poor quality , had poor performance , although it did have great battery life when it did work .
Overall the computer is very easy to use , the screen is perfect , great computer , my daughter loves .
PC never worked right even after BIOS fixed .
PC users use the Powerpoint program for slide-show presentation and Mac users utilize Keynote .
PC users work in Word , while Mac users work in Pages .
Pairing it with an iPhone is a pure pleasure - talk about painless syncing - used to take me forever - now it 's a snap .
Pay attention to the specs if you want these options .
Peformance is good for the price .
Plain and simple , it -LRB- laptop -RRB- runs great and loads fast .
Price and purpose is awesome !
Processor - When compared to my 3 week old Early 2011 edition there I barely experience any difference in performance -LRB- 2.3 GHz v/s 2.4 GHz -RRB- .
Product support very poor as each phone call costs me long distan
Programs would crash all the time , and it turned out to be a very unstable , unreliable laptop for me .
Purchased a Toshiba Lap top it worked good until just after the warrenty went out .
Purchased for development purposes , but it has turned into my everyday laptop as well for surfing , e-mail , etc. .
Quality Display I love HP , , it 's the only computer/printer we will buy .
Quality Display I was surprised with the performance and quality of this HP Laptop .
Really like the textured surface which shows no fingerprints .
Reason why ? It 's because when you buy it , you know first thing that you will not lose any value for that laptop , the price will stay the same for the next year , and even if Apple does decides to change mode , your laptop value will only drop 10-20 % , unlike PC laptops which drop more than 80 % .
Registration/1st use is easy .
Returned laptop for a 3rd repair and it came back with previous problems fixed -LRB- except for speaker grill -RRB- but the unit started locking up during use and eventually would not operate at all .
Returned laptop for repair a 2nd time and it came back with obvious physical damage -LRB- keyboard bulging and speaker grill pressed in -RRB- , buttons not working and USB ports inoperative .
Right size and weight for portability .
Runs Hot I thought we were paying for quality in our decision to buy an Apple product .
Runs fast and the regular layout keyboard is so much better .
Runs smooth and quick .
STOPPED BOOTING UP less than a week after my one-year warranty was up .
Screen , keyboard , and mouse : If you cant see yourself spending the extra money to jump up to a Mac the beautiful screen , responsive island backlit keyboard , and fun multi-touch mouse is worth the extra money to me alone .
Screen is awesome , battery life is good .
Screen is crystal clear and the system is very responsive .
Screen size is perfect for portable use in any environment .
Second HDD cover has walls inside that need to be broken if you what to install one .
See when it comes to laptops you buy it and get just a normal operating system with trials of must need stuff that should come with it .
Seems like maybe a bad shipment from Toshiba .
Seems to slow down occassionally but can run many applications -LRB- ie Internet tabs , programs , etc -RRB- simultaneously .
Sells for the same as a netbook without sacrificing size .
Setting would change for some reason , the screen size would change on it 's own , like the pixel sizes and whatnot .
Simple to use , and great graphics .
Since I 've had this computer I 've only used the trackpad because it is so nice and smooth .
Since I keyboard over 100 wpm , I look for a unit that has a comfortble keyboard -LRB- no keys sticking or lagging , strange configuration of "extra key" , etc. .
Since I keyboard over 100 wpm , I look for a unit that has a comfortble keyboard -LRB- no keys sticking or lagging , strange configuration of `` extra key '' , etc. .
Size : I know 13 is small -LRB- especially for a desktop replacement -RRB- but with an external monitor , who cares .
Skype is just so dang cool with this machine too .
Small enough to use on a long flight , Light enough to carry through airports and powerful enough to replace my desktop while on long business trips .
So , I paid a visit to LG notebook service center at Alexandra Road , hoping they can make the hinge tighter .
So , I took it back to the apple store and they narcissist genius bar staff -RRB- fixed it by resetting the fan at boot up .
So , I took it back to the apple store and they narcissist genius bar staff) fixed it by resetting the fan at boot up .
So , after Apple replaced the hard drive I enjoyed another 4 months of my new computer , until it froze this morning -- completely .
So , the hard disk capacity really does n't matter to me .
So I called Compaq , and after being on the phone for 3 hours , i finally got a replacement which I should n't have had a problem getting since it was under warranty .
So I called customer support -LRB- which is good too -RRB- and they went through it and it is just a safety feature and it does not affect performance at all , I just chose to hide the message .
So having the AC plug go out on me and get lose or I could actually here it inside my computer on two of the three times is not good .
So then you may be lucky to get ahold to someone who understands that its no good and they will let you send it back , but of course you are taking a chance of them testing it out to see what has happened , and they tell you that it was not on their side , then you are stuck paying for the repair -LRB- the price of a new one -RRB- .
So we exchanged it for the same on and after 2 hours it did n't work .
So what am I supposed to do ? The LG service center can not provide me the `` service '' when it is called the `` service center '' .
So what if the laptops/mobile phones look chic and cool ? The after sales support is terrible .
Some features arent friendly -LRB- volume wheel , sound quality , etc. .
Some problems can be fixed if you purchase new software , but there is no guarentee .
Somehow the system clock got messed up after reboot .
Sometimes the screen even goes black on this computer .
Sometimes you really have to tap the pad to get it to worki
Sony parts reliability and quality of service is recenlty the worst .
Sound card is limited though .
Speakers does n't sound that great .
Speakers too small to be of any real use .
Speaking of the browser , it too has problems .
Spent 2 hours on phone with HP Technical Support .
Startup in about 30 seconds , shutdown in 2-4 seconds , resume from sleep in 0-2 seconds .
Still under warrenty so called Toshiba , no help at all .
Strengths : Well - shaped Weaknesses : A bad videocard !
Strengths : Well-shaped Weaknesses : A bad videocard !
Strong performance in this device makes use of fun and a strong sense of the era of speed This device serves all modern requirements is a very strong game and is very useful for designers .
Suffice it to say , my MacBook Pro keeps me going with its long battery life and blazing speed .
Summary : HP knew they were shipping out bad BIOS and did nothing proactive to resolve it .
Summary : I 've had this laptop for 2 months , out of the blue the power adapter stops working .
Summary : They played games with me for the warranty period .
Supplied software : The software that comes with this machine is greatly welcomed compared to what Windows comes with .
Support has been lackluster and now I just want a refund .
Sure , the initial out of pocket expense is greater , but that should not dissuade anyone from the fact that these machines run like none other on the planet , and when I factor in all the money in that I wasted on Geek Squad and the latest patches to de-corrupt my infested PCs , it probably comes out about even anyhow .
Sure it has the one touch keys but that was the best feature of the computer .
System is loosing about 20 % of performance because of that .
THE FIRST PROBLEM IS THAT THE KEYBOARD FUNCTION IS SIMPLY UNSATISFACTORY .
THE MOTHERBOARD IS DEAD !
THEN , one month after the warranty expired , the replacement charger went .
Take your time and go through the tutorials patiently .
Taking it back to Best Buy I found that a tiny plastic piece inside had broken -LRB- manuf issue -RRB- .
Tech support tells me the latter problem is a power supply problem and have offered to fix it if it happens again .
Temperatures on the outside were alright but i did not track in Core Processing Unit temperatures .
Thank you Best Buy for putting my computer together and installing my first software - you guys were GREAT too !
That 's very possible , but since they do n't make Windows XP drivers for the sound card in this machine , I was stuck until Windows 7 came out .
That included the extra Sony Sonic Stage software , the speakers and the subwoofer I got -LRB- that WAS worth the money -RRB- , the bluetooth mouse for my supposedly bluetooth enabled computer , the extended life battery and the Docking port .
That system is fixed .
That whole experience was just ridiculous we sent it in and after they told us that we had to pay $ 175 to fix it we were like we will just by a portable mouse which would be way cheaper but they refused to send the laptop back until we paid the $ 175 and it was fixed .
The 13 '' Macbook Pro just fits in my budget and with free shipping and no tax to CA this is the best price we can get for a great product .
The 17 inch screen is very large , but the computer is very light .
The 2 GB of RAM is plenty , able to run Windows 7 and at least 2 or 3 other programs with next to no slowdown .
The AC power port becomes loose over time
The AMD Turin processor seems to always perform so much better than Intel .
The ATI graphics card is a huge plus , definitely a good value if you need to be able to run some slightly older games that a Intel built-in card would have trouble with , such as Half-Life 2 or even World of Warcraft .
The Apple applications -LRB- ex . iPhoto -RRB- are fun , easy , and really cool to use -LRB- unlike the competition -RRB- !
The Apple applications -LRB- ex.iPhoto -RRB- are fun , easy , and really cool to use -LRB- unlike the competition -RRB- !
The Apple team also assists you very nicely when choosing which computer is right for you : -RRB-
The Aspire wont even boot past the Acer screen with a Droid -LRB- I have tried both Motorola and HTC -RRB- plugged into the USB port .
The Bluetooth was not there at all , and the fingerprint reader driver would be there , but the software would hang after installation was 1/2 way done .
The Computer itself is a good product but the repair depot stinks .
The DVD burner broke after burning 3 DVD 'd during that time !
The DVD drive randomly pops open when it is in my backpack as well , which is annoying .
The Final Cut Pro on this laptop is so fast and easy , and I can use this to seemlessly transfer all my work to my home computer , which is also a mac .
The Internet Explorer was very slow from the very beginning .
The LED backlit display makes my pictures pop so much more .
The Mac Snow Leopard O/S is extremely easy to use , although very different than Win XP , Visa or Win7 .
The Mac takes about the same amount of starting-up time as the average PC , but keeps itself cleaned up and ready to use .
The Mac version of Microsoft Office is cheaper than buying the actual and works just as well .
The MacBook is way too overpriced for something so simple and chaotic .
The Macbook arrived in a nice twin packing and sealed in the box , all the functions works great .
The Macbook is also made better , my computer has never got a virus , and the laptop runs just as fast as the first day I bought it .
The Macbook starts fast , does n't crash , has a fantastic display , is small and light -LRB- I have the 13.3 '' model -RRB- , and is n't always complaining about updates , lost connections , errors , blue screens , etc. .
The Material this Pro is made out of seems a lot nicer than any PC Specs : Like I said this performs a lot better than any computer I 've had in the past .
The Nortons virus scan is only for a very short time unlike others that usually are good for a year .
The OS is also very user friendly , even for those that switch from a PC , with a little practice you can take full advantage of this OS !
The OS is still as fast as the day that the laptop was purchased and continues to run flawlessly .
The OS takes some getting used to especially after being a Windows user for so long but the learning curve is so worth it !
The PhotoBooth is a great program , it takes very good pictures with the built-in camera .
The So called laptop Runs to Slow and I hate it !
The Toshiba Net book operates very well .
The Toshiba Satellite has been more than I expected for the price .
The Toshiba laptop I am using is easier to use than most I have tried .
The Unibody construction is solid , sleek and beautiful .
The Windows 7 Starter is , in my opinion , a great way to think about using your netbook : basics , basics , basics .
The `` abuse '' is that I pushed the power plug in too hard .
The acer one computer that I bought is 17 ince screen and its hard to find lap top bags for it , but I like the big screen on it .
The apple care has never failed me , and I expect it to be the same for this computer as well .
The apple systems are over priced luxurys that ar n't worth what they are being charged for , this model 's specifications are far from being impressive and they only thing you get out of this is the apple name .
The applications are also very easy to find and maneuver , much easier than any other computer I have ever owned .
The backlit keys are wonderful when you are working in the dark .
The battery does n't last long but I 'm sure an upgrade battery would solve that problem .
The battery gets so HOT it is scary .
The battery has never worked well .
The battery holds up well , it 's built very solidly , and runs fast .
The battery is really long .
The battery life , before the battery completely died of course , left much to be desired .
The battery life also does n't keep up with the claim but still I think macbook is much ahead from the rest of the pack .
The battery life has not decreased since I bought it , so i 'm thrilled with that .
The battery life is also relatively good .
The battery life is amazing , the versitility is outstanding .
The battery life is amazingly long at 7hrs and 5hrs if you use it .
The battery life is great .
The battery life is probably an hour at best .
The battery life seems to be very good , and have had no issues with it .
The battery life sucked the juice from my laptop and when the extended life battery went out we were SOL there to , so much for that warranty covering all the products we purchased .
The battery life was shorter than expected .
The battery life was supposed to be 6 hours , but even if I ran off the battery with the high effeciency setting the battery would only last me on average about 2.5 to 3 hours .
The battery never held a charge longer than one hour and within two months , stopped holding a charge for more than ten minutes .
The best thing about this laptop is the price along with some of the newer features .
The best thing to do is build your own computer , but if u ca n't company 's like dell who allow you to choose the components are better and for the same price you can get a computer who compares to one of apple $ 2000 systems and if you google `` dell coupons '' you can find codes that take a signifant amount off the price .
The big screen allows you to enjoy watching movies , pictures and etc !
The biggest problem is that the box had no instructions in it .
The black model also has a very nice seamless appearance - one of the better looking notebooks I 've seen .
The board has a bad connector with the power supply and shortly after warrenty expires the power supply will start having issues .
The body is a bit cheaply made so it will be interesting to see how long it holds up .
The brand is tarnished in my heart .
The brand of iTunes has just become ingrained in our lexicon now , but keep in mind that Apple started it all .
The built in camera is very useful when chatting with other techs in remote buildings on our campus .
The built-in webcam is great for Skype and similar video-chat services .
The buttons you have to press a little harder than most .
The capabilities using that program alone made me want a Mac .
The case is carved out of a single block of aluminum .
The casing of the power cord fried and shocked my husband when he pulled it out of the socket .
The company sent me a whole new cord overnight and apologized .
The computer continued to give me issues and in Late June it completely died again and I tried to call Acer again to get it fixed and they refused to help me , they said my warrenty was up and hung up on me .
The computer is currently in West Verginia doe to the method of shipping choosen by Toshiba .
The computer itself was fast , ran smoothly , and had no problems .
The computer loads in about a 1/10th of the time that my PC did , and I have all of the programs that were on my PC .
The computer runs extremely slowly , whether opening Word or My Computer .
The computer runs very fast with no problems and the iLife software that comes with it -LRB- iPhoto , iMovie , iWeb , iTunes , GarageBand -RRB- is all very helpful as well .
The computer was shipped to their repair depot on june 24 and returned on July 2 seems like a short turn around time except the computer was not repaired when it was returned .
The computer was two weeks late in delivery because HP forgot to complete the required import paperwork .
The computer will constantly be getting hot and burning your leg unless you go through the hassle of taking off the entire back of it just to clean out the fan .
The cover for the DVD drive soon came off , too -- a mark of poor construction quality .
The delivery was fast , and I would not hesitate to purchase this laptop again .
The design is awesome , quality is unprecedented .
The difference in the Apple keyboard from a PC 's keyboard took a bit of tim to get used to , but overall it 's worth it !
The difference in the Apple keyboard from a PC's keyboard took a bit of tim to get used to , but overall it 's worth it !
The difference is it 's a whole lot of fun using the laptop now , still learning the Apple navigation , but is fun and comes with a lot of cool apps .
The difference is the Toshiba had a lot more memory and hard drive space .
The display is awesome .
The display is beyond horrible .
The display is incredibly bright , much brighter than my PowerBook and very crisp .
The display on this computer is the best I 've seen in a very long time , the battery life is very long and very convienent .
The downside to this netbook is pretty much the same for any netbook : screen size is not something I 'd stare at for the entire 10-11 hours of battery life five days a week .
The driver updates do n't fix the issue , very frustrating .
The dv4 boasted a faster processor , more memory , and a bigger hard drive than my old computer , plus a better quality web cam , nicer screen , and many other features .
The ease of set up was terrific .
The ease of use is wonderful .
The extended warranty for the $ 4000 and up computers was the only one available for purchase on the drop drown menu .
The fact that the screen reacts to the lighting around you is an added luxury-when you are working around others in dark areas and want privacy or do n't want to bother them with bright lighting , it is very convenient to have a darker , softer lit screen .
The fact that you can spend over $ 100 on just a webcam underscores the value of this machine .
The feature are good enough for what I need .
The feel of this is better than the Toshiba , too .
The feel of this machine compared to the old MacBook is far superior .
The first fell apart right after the 1-year-warranty .
The first full charge of this battery got me only about 2 full hours .
The first one sent : Touchpad did n't work The second sent : USB did n't work The third sent : Touchpad did n't work The fourth sent : Has n't arrived yet .
The first programm I switched on was a game for my children .
The flaws are , this computer is not for computer gamers because of the OS X .
The games included are very good games .
The graphics and screen are stunning and although I was a PC person , I was able to understand how to use a mac fairly quickly .
The graphics are great .
The graphics are stunning .
The graphics on this computer are also stellar - very clear and vivid .
The graphics were awful and the warranty is n't even worth the cheap payment on the computer .
The gray color was a good choice .
The guy then said that if I insist on having the hinge tightened , they can do it for me but I have to accept the condition after the `` repair '' .
The hard drive crashed as well , and I had to buy a new power cord .
The i5 blows my desktop out of the water when it comes to rendering videos .
The iLife software that comes with the computer is so simple to use and produces a great finished product .
The image is great , and the soud is excelent .
The improvements to the O S have been relatively gradual , but substantive .
The internet capabilities are also very strong and picks up signals very easily .
The internet speed is spectacular .
The internet was locekd and froze every time it was trying to be used , and the command prompt would not work at all .
The keyboard , which generally felt okay even for someone used to a desktop keyboard , now looks terrible .
The keyboard feels good and I type just fine on it .
The keyboard has a wonderful nature feel .
The keyboard is like no other laptop keyboard .
The keyboard is slick and quiet and not bulky like some other laptops I have had in the past .
The keyboard is too slick .
The keyboard is top notch .
The laptop is outstanding in all aspects except that it has the Windows 7 starter and not the full Windows 7 .
The laptop is relatively simple to use , though I bought Macs for Dummies , which is well worth $ Positive
The laptop is very lightweight , can easily carry around in a knapsack full of text books and it barely adds any weight .
The laptop was very easy to set up .
The large screen also helps when you are working in design based programs like Adobe Creative Suite .
The large screen gives you the option to comfortably watch movies or TV shows on your computer instead of buying an additional TV for your dorm room .
The layout of the MacBook is horrible and confusing ;
The lcd screen stopped working on mine after 10 months .
The leather carrying case , keyboard and mouse arrived in two days from Memphis warehouse .
The letter A stopped working after the first week .
The little battery that it did have would only last about an hour while just having it on the desktop .
The macbooks are small enough to be very portable yet hold tons of information and performance .
The machine has a bluray player the book has no mention of it or how to connect it to your HDTV .
The machine is slow to boot up and occasionally crashes completely .
The magnetic plug-in power charging power cord is great -LRB- I even put it to the test by accident -RRB- - excellent innovation !
The materials that came with the computer did not include the right # anywhere .
The minute you fire it up it 's all good , very easy user interface .
The most recent being that my Safari internet browser is freaking out on me , but I have just been using firefox instead .
The mousepad is a huge pain in the arse !
The much lauded combined touch pad and clicker is a nightmare .
The neat and organized icon list is a welcome change from cluttered and confusing desktop icons .
The newer black keyboard took a little bit away from the previous gray one which looked really slick , but it is still a great notebook !
The next time I had an issue my lightscribe would n't work .
The notebook is lacking a HDMI port and a S-video port that would enable one to hook it to a TV .
The one thing I wish it had was a detailed hardcopy manuel .
The online tutorial videos make it super easy to learn if you have always used a PC .
The only bad part is the size / weight .
The only bad thing about it is they give you the worst batteries possible .
The only downfall is a lot of the software I have wo n't work with Mac and iWork is not worth the price of it .
The only downfall is the battery only last 1.5-2 .0 hrs when not plugged in .
The only downfall is the volume control .
The only drawback for me is how dirty the screen gets , and rather quickly too .
The only objection I have is that after you buy it the windows 7 system is a starter and charges for the upgrade .
The only problem is a lack of screen resolutions !
The only problems are the sound isnt very loud I have to wear headphones .
The only thing I can imagine is that Sony jumped on early specifications for Vista requirements from Microsoft and designed it to those inadequate requirements .
The only thing I did n't learn in my research was the software I would need like privacy protection and warranty protection , in case it gets broken , or crashes etc. .
The only thing I do n't understand is that the resolution of the screen is n't high enough for some pages , such as Yahoo!Mail .
The only thing I wish is the 15 inch MacBook Pro has much better speakers on the side of the keyboard .
The only thing I wish this had was the option to turn off the touchpad with a button like my big 16 '' laptop does .
The only thing I would change about it is the mouse keys .
The only thing i can say is that the touch pad doesnt work like it should all the time .
The only thing is that the battery wo n't last more than 1/2 an hour .
The only thing that I do n't like about my mac is that sometimes there are programs that I want to be able to run and I am not able to .
The only thing that I have , is the key broad is a little dark to see the letters , would help if it was a little lighter then it is .
The only thing that can be updated is the video , other than that you 're all set .
The only thing that is n't perfect about this netbook is the speakers , they are not loud at all but I expected that .
The operating system and user interface is very intuitive , and the large multi-touch track pad is amazing .
The other lock-up problems are from a myriad of causes , the most common being a corrupted version of Appleworks which can render the browser useless .
The overall build quality of the unit is excellent and she 'd recommend it to anyone else looking for a netbook .
The paint wears off easily due to the keyboard being farther back than usual .
The people are frustrating to work with , the product itself is very cheaply made , and the accessories are less than satisfactory .
The people there just changed for me on the spot and I got a new arm piece and they did n't even request for a receipt .
The performance is awesome .
The pictures are clear as can be .
The port is secured to motherboard so when this happens you ca n't see the plug at all , it 's just gone .
The powerpoint opened seamlessly in the apple and the mac hooked up to the projector so easily it was almost scary .
The price and features more than met my needs .
The price is another driving influence that made me purchase this laptop .
The price is great for this model , I only plan on using it for media in the entertainment room .
The price premium is a little much , but when you start looking at the features it is worth the added cash .
The price was very good , and the product is top quality .
The pricing is very competitive .
The pro is a great product , I wish that the 13 inch models came with the Intel i processors and had a more comfortable edge -LRB- the edges hurt my wrists -RRB- .
The processor a AMD Semprom at 2.1 ghz is a bummer it does not have the power for HD or heavy computing .
The processor is very quick and effective as I load webpages and applications .
The processor screams , and because of the unique way that Apple OSX 16 functions , most of the graphics are routed through the hardware rather than the software .
The processor went on me , the fan went and the motherboard went .
The program came with the computer and works beautifully .
The programs are great , like iphoto -LRB- love the editing capabilities -RRB- , imail -LRB- which can incorporate with the address book on the ipod and ipad -RRB- , imovie , etc. .
The programs that come standard with the Leopard running system are enough for the average person to run all the basics .
The quality , engineering design and warranty are superior -- covers damage from dropping the laptop .
The real stand out on this computer is the feel of the keyboard and it 's speed .
The reality was , it heated up very quickly , and took way too long to do simple things , like opening my Documents folder .
The reflectiveness of the display is only a minor inconvenience if you work in a controlled-lighting environment like me -LRB- I prefer it dark -RRB- or if you can crank up the brightness .
The rep did not even answer my question , I had to ask him , if he understood what I ask or if he spoke english because he did n't even try to acknowledge my question .
The repairs were made quickly though I must say , however the second time they shipped it to the incorrect address and it took nearly a week for them to get it to me .
The resolution is even higher then any other laptop on the market .
The resolution on the screen is almost pure HD .
The right speaker did not work .
The salesman talked us into this computer away from another we were looking at and we have had nothing but problems with software problems and just not happy with it .
The screen almost looked like a barcode when it froze .
The screen gets smeary and dusty very quickly and it 's very noticeable .
The screen graphics and clarity , and sharpness are great .
The screen is a little glary , and I hated the clicking buttons , but I got used to them .
The screen is bright and clear , the operating system is solid and friendly to a novice .
The screen is bright and the keyboard is nice ;
The screen is bright and vivid and the keyboard is very easy to use , very important for use quick typers .
The screen is framed by half - to a full-inch margin that is obviously unnecessary , reduces the screen size and increases the bulk .
The screen is gorgeous - yummy good .
The screen is huge and coloful , but no LED backlighting .
The screen is nice , side view angles are pretty good .
The screen is nice and the images comes very clear , the keyboard and the fit just feels right .
The screen is very large and crystal clear with amazing colors and resolution .
The screen resolution was exactly what I was looking for .
The screen shows great colors .
The screen takes some getting use to , because it is smaller than the laptop .
The service I received from Toshiba went above and beyond the call of duty .
The service tech said he had tried to duplicate the damage and was n't able to recreate it therefore it had to be their defect .
The sheer power and flexibility makes the MacBook Pro a must have for any techie !
The shop will definitely push the problem to the service center .
The size is perfect and I do not recomend anything bigger except for any person who can exceed the limited space it gives you .
The software is amazing .
The sound is a bit quiet if you 're on a plane , this can easily be overcome with a decent pair of head phones .
The speakers are terrible and are probably the cheapest ones I have ever seen in a laptop so if your planning to listen to music I suggest you get something better .
The speakers on it are useless too .
The speed difference is next to NOTHING for a mac , and the hard drive can be manually upgraded or you could just buy a $ 60 500gb external hard drive .
The speed gives you the power to work on these projects seamlessly , and multiple at a time if you sowish .
The speed is incredible and I am more than satisfied .
The start menu is not the easiest thing to navigate due to the stacking .
The store honored their warrenty and made the comment that they do n't even recommend the HP brand because of the problems with their warrentys .
The switchable graphic card is pretty sweet when you want gaming on the laptop .
The system constantly overheats , the battery life is too short , the case is coming apart , and my core applications that I use every day in my work as a graphic artist run poorly .
The system it comes with does not work properly , so when trying to fix the problems with it it started not working at all .
The tech guy then said the service center does not do 1-to-1 exchange and I have to direct my concern to the "sales" team , which is the retail shop which I bought my netbook from .
The tech guy then said the service center does not do 1-to-1 exchange and I have to direct my concern to the `` sales '' team , which is the retail shop which I bought my netbook from .
The tech store I purchased this from sent it back , , , , , eventually I got a new or repaired machine approximately 3 weeks later .
The technical service for dell is so 3rd world it might as well not even bother .
The touch pad is among the best .
The touchpad is extremely sensitive , which is the only drawback .
The touchpad is very intuitive , so much so that I never want to use buttons to click again !
The track pad to me is what really stands out though , you can do several different things with it just depending on how many fingers you use on the track pad , awesome thinking Apple !
The trackpad was easy to learn and navigate .
The unibody design is edgy and durable .
The video card is great for media , and above average for gaming , but not a gamers first choice .
The video chat is the only thing that is iffy about it but im sure once they unpdate the next version on the macbook book the quality of it will be better .
The wheel that turns the volume up and down does n't work in real time .
Then , within 5 months , the charger crapped out on me .
Then HP sends it back to me with the hardware screwed up , not able to connect .
Then I 've fixed the DC jack -LRB- inside the unit -RRB- , rewired the DC jack to the OUTside of the laptop , replaced the power brick .
Then after 4 or so months the charger stopped working so I was forced to go out and buy new hardware just to keep this computer running .
Then after paying for it to be examined I was told it was same problem cited on website but I 'd have to pay anyways since it was past warrenty .
Then it ceased charging at all .
Then just the other day , my left "mouse" button snapped !
Then the hard drive failed ;
There 's literally no way to make it sing with Vista .
There also seemed to be a problem with the hard disc as certain times windows loads but claims to not be able to find any drivers or files .
There are no gold key numbers too intall programs , you must use the serial numbers that it does not accept and then things are limited as far a working because they are only good for a short time .
There are no viruses or spyware to worry about like on a Windows computer .
There are several programs for school or office use -LRB- Pages , Numbers , Keynote , etc. -RRB- , music -LRB- Garageband -RRB- , photo management -LRB- Photo Booth , iPhoto -RRB- , video-editing or movie-making -LRB- iMovie -RRB- , etc. .
There are so many wonderful features and benefits to the new MacBook !
There is a backlit keyboard which is perfect for typing in the dark .
There is a small red circle next to it with a x in the middle , and when I click on it it says : '' Consider replacing your battery '' and it does not hold full charge .
There is hardly any memory on the computer 's hard drive .
There is no cd drive on the computer , which defeats the purpose of keeping files on a cd .
There is no need to open a program first and the cliick open or import .
There is no need to purchase virus protection for Mac , which saves me a lot of time and money .
There is no number pad to the right of the keyboard which is a bummer .
There is nothing to complain about the system .
There was a little difficulty doing the migration as the firewire cable system ca n't be used with the iBook .
Theres a built in camera with special effects - for video and photography .
Theres also iDVD , a program dedicated to putting all your favorite media together - photos , recordings , video projects into one program so that you can create the perfect memoir for your parents , family , siblings , and any other person important in your life that there may be .
They also have a longer service life than other computers -LRB- I have several friends who still use the older Apple PowerBooks -RRB- .
They also use two totally different operating systems .
They are about the same size keys .
They are by far the easiest systems to actually learn about computers with .
They break down just as often as PCs do , and the only reason they do n't get viruses , is because no one makes viruses for them , they 're not better in any way , they are worse , try finding virus protection programs for a Mac , they do n't exist .
They claim call center is still down .
They don t translate from a Mac , even on Word , resulting in a ton of run-on sentences .
They gave me a hard time yet again , but their was a malfunction in the battery itself , it did n't die .
They have developed excellent proprietary software for editing video and pictures and I 'm looking forward to utilizing these tools on the regular .
They need to stop outsoucing and send some complaint calls to US based customer service agents for those who live in the United states .
They offer the best warranty in the business , and do n't 3rd party it out like Toshiba .
They only stay charged a little over an hour .
They really do have the worlds very worst repair service .
They replaced my hard drive as well as my mother board .
They said that my computer was covered on an extended warranty , and that products with extended warranties are taken care of through third parties and not Sony itself anymore .
They say it could be the motherboard again , but Dell
They say sorry out of warranty .
They say that this will invalidate the warranty on the hard drive -LRB- I do n't really understand why but anyway -RRB- .
They sent it back with a huge crack in it and it still did n't work .
They sent out a Sony 'Certified' technician .
They sent out the box right away for me to send in my computer , they paid postage and whatnot , but when I got my computer back it still was n't running right , and now my CD drive was n't reading anything !
They should have included more memory on their computers if they knew Vista would run slowly .
They went through asking me open up various components , taking battery out , hard disk apart , and after 2 hours on phone could not fix it .
This MacBook is an outstanding product with great value .
This computer I used daily nice compact design .
This computer does n't do that well with certain games it ca n't play some and it becomes too hot while playing games .
This computer had exactly the specifications I needed .
This computer is exceptionally thin for it 's screen size and processing power .
This computer that I have has had issues with the keyboard where it lost half the keyboard functions .
This computer was so challenging to carry and handle .
This is a great little computer for the price .
This is a great value for the money .
This is a nicely sized laptop with lots of processing power and long battery life .
This is a review of windows vista system .
This is an over-sized , 18-inch laptop .
This is great if you have several lectures back to back and do n't have a chance to charge during one of the lectures .
This is likely due to poor grounding and isolation between the components , and I 'm hoping that it can be fixed with a ground loop isolator , but I still expected better product quality for this price range .
This is my first Dell I heard their customer service was lacking and that they were working on improving it !
This is not a serious gaming laptop or a serious media machine ;
This is the complete opposite to an ergonomic design .
This is the first time that I tried and owning a netbook although I have used 3 different laptops in the past 10 years , I find not much difference except of course for the screen size .
This is what I call a good after sales service.
This just keeps having it 's hard drive replaced !
This laptop is a great price and has a sleek look .
This laptop looked brand new and was shipped very quickly .
This laptop looks great on the surface : 17 '' inch screen , good price-point , nice appearance , boots up quickly , runs fast etc. .
This laptop looks great on the surface : 17" inch screen , good price-point , nice appearance , boots up quickly , runs fast etc. .
This laptop meets every expectation and Windows 7 is great !
This process continued to repeat itself until the mother board had been replaced 4 times and the hard drive replaced 3 times .
This purchase opened me to the world of Macbooks , and I am impressed with the intuition of the design , the beauty of the product , and the excellent technological advances associated with it .
This system came loaded with Windows 7 Starter .
This time the mouse pad and right click key would n't work !
This was the 3rd day and part still had not been shipped .
This wiped out several programs that were installed on the computer when it was bought .
Though the picture , video , and music software is nowhere close to professional grade software Im used to -LRB- CS5 -RRB- but does the job for beginner and even intermediate media designers .
Three , the mac book has advantages over pcs ' with linux based os there is very ` few problems with system performance when it comes to a mac .
Three weeks after I bought the netbook , the screen quit working .
Thus , when you carry it at a slanted angle , the screen will `` topple '' or `` slide '' down , if you understand what I mean .
To be honest i think it was faulty equipment or something but idk .
Took me 11 hours , 3 trips to different FedEx offices , and brutal conversations with 14 of the worse IT support technicians in the world .
Took several hours with customer support before I could even start the PC out of the box .
Toshiba customer services will indirectly deal with your problems by constantly tranferring you from one country to another , and I am not kidding you , I called different hours of the day and you 'll get someone else from another country trying to get you to tell them your life story all over again , since they make it sound like they do n't have your history list of your calls right in front of them .
Toshiba is aware of the issue but unless the extended warrenty is bought Toshiba will do nothing about it .
Treat yourself to a more expensive , long-lasting laptop of quality like a Sony , Apple , or Toshiba .
Tried to make a recovey disk wouldnt get passed the first recovery disk .
True quality at a great price !
Typically , when I purchase a new laptop I always end up using an external mouse for convenience .
Typing on the keyboard becomes uncomfortable after extended use due to the sharp edges that your wrists rest on .
Unable to boot up this brand new laptop .
Unfortunately , Apple 's quality has continued to slide .
Unless you need the Bluetooth 3 .
Unless you want to be inconvenienced with a non working power supply which you ca n't find a replacement for because they made the attachment so small .
Until I bought the Dell , I thought you just looked for what you wanted -LRB- size , software , options , hardware -RRB- and purchase the best deal you could find .
Upgrading from Windows 7 Starter , thru Windows 7 Home Premium , to Windows 7 Professional was a snap ;
Very fast boot up and shut down .
Very good quality and well made .
Very long-life battery -LRB- up to 10-11 hours depending on how you configure power level settings -RRB- .
Vista is a nightmare .
WHEN TYPING , LETTERS AND SPACES ARE FREQUENTLY OMITTED REQUIRING THE USER TO REDO MANY WORDS AND SENTENCES .
WIth the upgraded memory , the MacBook Pro never has an issue running many many applications at once !
Waiting for the i7 was well worth it , great value for the price .
Was disappointed to find out that the model had been discontinued , apparently because of known motherboard problems .
Was not happy with one of the programs on it .
Was searching online for a power supply when I found this site .
Was very much worth the price i paid .
Wasted me at least 8 hours of installation time .
We also use Paralles so we can run virtual machines of Windows XP Professional , Windows 7 Home Premium , Windows Server Enterprise 2003 , and Windows Server 2008 Enterprise .
We carry the netbook around here and there , hence it 's kinda of irritating when the LCD just `` slide '' downwards .
We figure that after everything HIS pc actually ended up costing $ 350 more than my original Mac .
We have had numerous problems with Vista , such as Adobe Flash player just quits and has to be uninstalled and then reinsalled , Internet Explore just quits and you lose whatever you were working on , also , the same Windows update has appeared on this computer since we got it and has been updated probably 400 times , the same update .
We love the size of the screen , although it is still lightweight and very easy to tote around .
We paid for the three year warranty and the extended warranty after that one ended as well .
We researched and found the best price at MacConnection .
We upgraded the memory to four gigabytes in order to take advantage of the performace increase in speed .
We use the built in tools often , iTunes is open nearly every day and works great with my iPhone .
Web access through the 3G network is so slow , it 's very frustrating and VERY DISAPPOINTING .
Well , I have to say since I bought my Mac , I wo n't ever go back to any Windows .
Well I spilled something on it and they replaced it with this model , which gets hot and the battery does n't make it through 1 DVD .
What I 'd like is for the laptop to run well without having to purchase additional memory .
When I called Sony the Customer Service was Great .
When I called Toshiba , they would not do anything and even tried to charge me $ 35 for the phone call , even though they did n't offer any technical support .
When I finally had everything running with all my software installed I plugged in my droid to recharge and the system crashed .
When I got my laptop back after this first instance it worked okay for a little bit then I started expeirencing issues again , everything from programs and drivers failing again , to it powering off for no reason , to locking up and freezing and just all sorts of issues .
When I got the computer back and realizwed it still was not correct HP told me it was out of warranty and now it was my problem .
When it come time for warranty service to Toshiba you do n't matter .
When we bought our new HP comouter in Dec. of 2008 , we wanted Windows XP , but were told it would cost an extra $ 159 , so we went with Vista .
When you call tech support you were routed to someone who was in another country and did not know what they were doing .
When you look at the specs on Apple products in comparison to a Dell or a HP , yes they do seem to offer less for a higher cost .
Whenever I call Dell about an unrelated problem , they ask me if my laptop is running slowly and if I 'd like to purchase more memory for $ 75 .
Whenever tried to turn it on , it would restart as soon as the BIOS launched Windows -LRB- or Winblows , as I like ot call it -RRB- .
Which is great I am running Vista Business and scored a 5.X on the index I have never seen a windows machine have a total score in the 5 's .
While Apple 's saving grace is the fact that they at least stand behind their products , and their support is great , it would be nice if their products were more reliable to justify the premium .
While I mostly use it for email , internet and gaming , I 'm confident all other applications live up to the high standard I 've come to appreciate from Mac laptops .
While it was highly rated , would I like it ? I tried the keyboard at the store , and it seemed ok .
While most people say that PCs hold functionality and value and Macs are just pretty to look at , I think there 's something to be said about the simplicity of Macs .
Who could n't love a DVD burner , 80-gigabyte HD , and fairly new graphics chip ? As I soon discovered , though , there is a reason for which similarly-configured Sony and Toshiba machines cost more : they use higher-quality components that are faster , better-configured , and end up lasting a lot longer .
Windows 7 Starter is terrific -LRB- no you ca n't change the background -RRB- but I do n't need to , I use it just for school work .
Windows Vista makes this computer almost unusable for online service .
Windows XP SPPositive caused many problems on the computer , so I had to remove it .
Windows also shuts the computer down for no reason without warning .
Windows is also rather unsteady on its feet and is susceptible to many bugs .
Wireless has not been a issue for me , like some others have meantioned .
With Windows laptops a wireless mouse is an absolute must .
With a MAC computer I have more free time as I do n't have to wait for windows to boot up or shut down and all the viruses associated with windows .
With a mac you do n't have to worry about antivirus software or firewall , it 's so wonderful .
With all the programs that came with it , such as iLife and iWork , I was set from the very beginning .
With awesome graphics and assuring security , it 's perfect !
With notes saying they replaced the hard drive .
With the macbook pro it comes with free securitysoftware to protect it from viruses and other intrusive things from downloads and internet surfing or emails .
With today 's company fighting over marketshare , its a shame that ASUS can get away with the inept staff answering thephone .
With what I do know how to do , the computer works beautiful .
Without a doubt , the * design * of this laptop is fantastic .
Wonderful sleek case design is only on the outside .
Wonderful zooming .
Worse , for the price I could get a * netbook * that outperforms this machine .
Would like more trendy , high tech features .
YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO TALK TO AN AMERICAN WARRANTY SERVICE IS OUT OF COUNTRY .
Yeah , of course smarty pants `` fix it now '' -RRB- Software - Compared to the early 2011 edition I did see inbuilt applications crashing and it prompted me to send the report to Apple -LRB- which I promptly did -RRB- .
Yes , I thought the expese was a little much , but I now realize you get what you pay for .
Yes , a Mac is much more money than the average laptop out there , but there is no comparison in style , speed and just cool factor .
Yes , the computer was light weight , less expensive than the average laptop , and was pretty self explantory in use .
Yes , they cost more , but they more than make up for it in speed , construction quality , and longevity .
You ca n't even get a satellite card which is why I bought to begin with .
You can call HP and they want you to buy more software to fix it .
You can do it all on this bad boy but the main thing this netbook was desinged for was surfing the web and boy o boy does it ever .
You can even run a parallels type program easily and run any leftover PC software that you absolutely can not be without .
You have to toss out the wifi card and replace it just to have any sort of network capability .
You know , using the computer should be fun , not aggrevation , especially when you are playing games or working with photos .
You may need to special order a bag .
You will need them if you want to reload the OS -LRB- I recommend doing if you can to start fresh and optimal -RRB- .
You wo n't have to spend gobs of money on some inefficient virus program that needs to be updated every month and that constantly drains your wallet .
Your cursor will end up all over the freaking place , , , it 's not uncommon for me to accidentally delete words , sentences , paragraphs because of this mousepad .
after much effort and 10 days ASUS replaced itThe WiFi is very weak .
also it comes with very useful applications like iphoto that it is the best photo application i have ever had
also the battery is completely shot .
also the keyboard does not liht up so unless your sitting in a room with some light you cant see anything and thats bad for me because my boyfriend tends to watch tv in the dark at night which leaves me with no way of seeing the keyboard .
also you may need to charge it once a day , if for medium use every thing fast and easy with mac the size and look is the most feature that attracted me to it .
although its windows vista compared to windows xp sucks .
and it comes with the new OSX that comes with new features that makes the use more easy .
and looks very sexyy :D really the mac book pro is the best laptop specially for students in college if you are not caring about price .
and plenty of storage with 250 gb -LRB- though I will upgrade this and the ram . . -RRB-
and the multiple page viewer -LRB- allows you to press one button to see every separate page currently opened at the same time in one screen -RRB- are great for those who are working non stop or just shopping online .
and they replaced the awesome ergonomic small lightweight power supply with a power supply that weighed more than the machine itself .
apple has a reputation and is well known for its easy usage .
but it has a major design flaw .
but now i have realized its a problem with this brand .
ca n't reinstall with standard os cd because of proprietary hardware drivers .
company provides UPS shipping , fast , great !
cosmetically , the only thing they changed was 2 of the Function keys at the top .
defective software .
even though I had the receipt in front of me proving it still had 2 months left on the warranty .
everything about a mac is wonderful , it takes a little used to learning and getting used to the new system , but you will learn fast and its all worth it .
great battery life .
however , I may have inadvertently thrown out one of the batteries with the shipping carton .
i also love having the extra calculator number set up on the keyboard which most laptops do not have .
i am a huge computer person i love anykind of computer that works well , but when i got this one i was so happy with the way it works and how it runs its amazing .
i have tried to charge on different batteries with no luck .
i love the size of the computer since i play games on it .
i must keep it plugged in at all times because it will not keep a charge for longer than four minutes .
i needed one to be able to carry to work everyday and this one seems to fit all of the criteria .
i use my mac all the time , i love the software , the way it takes a short time to load things , how easy it is to use and most of all how you do n't have to worry about viruses .
iLife is easily compatible with Microsoft Office so you can send and receive files from a PC .
iPhotos is an excellent program for storing and organizing photos .
iTunes is a handy music-management program , and it is essential for anyone with an iPod .
in 5 months the connect quality got worse and worse .
in May I started having problems with the USB ports not working .
it has 3 usb ports , 1 sd memory card reader and an sd memory car expansion .
it is of high quality , has a killer GUI , is extremely stable , is highly expandable , is bundled with lots of very good applications , is easy to use , and is absolutely gorgeous .
it is very easy for anyone to use an apple and specially the mcbook pro notebook .
it might be something deep within Windows , for I was unable to create a disk image on my hard drive .
keys are all in weird places and is way too large for the way it is designed .
lightweight , long battery life , excellent transition from PC ;
little short on RAM but you get what you pay for .
lots of extra space but the keyboard is ridiculously small .
lots of preloaded software .
my niece and nephew have played a few web games and it runs anything that does n't require a dedicated video card .
no complaints with their desktop , and maybe because it just sits on your desktop , and you do n't carry it around , which could jar the hard drive , or the motherboard .
not using wired lan not sure what thats about .
of course my warranty runs out next month .
oh yeah , and if the fancy webcam breaks guess who you have to send it to to get it fixed ?
only good thing is the graphics quality .
overall i would recomend this to anybody and tell them that if they want to burn their music or play there video games to buy the cd drive .
power supply went bad after 2 weeks --
pretty much everything else about the computer is good it just stops working out of no were .
previous laptops were pc 's , still have them , but the mac osx is a clean and smooth operating system .
pros : the macbook pro notebook has a large battery life and you wont have to worry to charge your laptop every five hours or so .
since then i have had minor problems with slow operation .
so in a brief summary i would have to say that i would not recommend dell vostro 1000 to anyone due to it being a down right awful setup so in my opinion you should steer clear of them if you want a decent laptop .
so the fact that the computer does not work on the 24 twenty fourth day is my fault .
sometimes you will be moving your finger and the pointer will not even move .
still testing the battery life as i thought it would be better , but am very happy with the upgrade .
super fast processor and really nice graphics card . .
the battery is irreplaceable .
the features are great , the only thing it needs is better speakers .
the graphics are awful and the wireless switch it at the top rather than the side which I am used to it being on the side .
the headphone and mic jack are in front of touch-pad making the touch-pad hard to use when using headphones / mic , not to mention the laptop was designed for right handed person .
the headphone and mic jack are in front of touch-pad making the touch-pad hard to use when using headphones/mic , not to mention the laptop was designed for right handed person .
the hinge design forced you to place various connections all around the computer , left right and front .
the i3 processor does n't seem to run hot and the fan rarely turns on .
the key bindings take a little getting used to , but have loved the Macbook Pro .
the laptop preformed pretty well .
the manufacturer 's warranty only covers replacement/repair of parts .
the mcbook pro notebook will make it easy for you to write and read your emails at blazing speeds .
the mouse buttons are hard to push .
the mouse is way way way to sensitve .
the mouse jumps around all the time and it clicks stuff i dont want it too .
the mouse on the pad , the left button always sticks .
the mouse pad and buttons are the worst i 've ever seen .
the only down fall is that it has no cd drive but i found that they are very cheap to by and also very portable making this the best friend to someone who is always looking for more space then they have .
the only fact i dont like about apples is they generally use safari and i dont use safari but after i install Mozzilla firfox i love every single bit about it .
the only problem is that i had to add 1 gb RAM , the computer was kinda slow .
the programs are esay to use and are quick to process this computer works like a charm .
the screen brightness automatically adjusts .
the size of has actually help me out quite a bit by me being able to fit it in an already full backpack and to use it at a resturant where the food on the table is always so space consuming .
the speed is fine .
the touch pad is fine - again , it 's a real touch pad .
then on top of it all their cusromer service center is in the middle east .
they had to replace the motherboard in April
they improved nothing else such as Resolution , appearance , cooling system , graphics card , etc. .
this apple navigates you thru the unexplored world of the internet .
this computer will last you at least 7 years , thats an amazing life spanned an electronic .
this is my second one and the same problem , bad video card unreliable overall , this will be my second time returning this laptop back to best buy .
tons of bloatware and junk programs .
u can do what u want in just few seconds , even to start up your computer takes few seconds .
upon giving them the serial number the first thing I was told , was that it was out of warranty and I could pay to have it repaired .
very convenient when you travel and the battery life is excellent ...
when i called to have another one shipped or to get my money back they said the return policy is 23 twenty three days from the date of purchase .
when i first got it i thought the size of it was a joke .
while about 8 years ago , I hope that the quality has changed .
while the keyboard itself is alright , the plate around it is cheap plastic and makes a hollow sound when using the mouse command buttons .
with the switch being at the top you need to memorize the key combination rather than just flicking a switch .
wonderful features .
you can find many laptops with the same performance and even better with lower price , but you can not find the look , easy , applications , and the experience in mac .
! Excelent performance , usability , presentation and time response .
! so nice . . stable . . fast . . now i got my SSD !
-LRB- but Office can be purchased -RRB- IF I ever need a laptop again I am for sure purchasing another Toshiba !!
12.44 seconds to boot .
3D rendering slows it down considerably .
:-RRB- Great product , great price , great delivery , and great service .
:] It arrived so fast and customer service was great .
A lot of features and shortcuts on the MBP that I was never exposed to on a normal PC .
A veryimportant feature is Firewire 800 which in my experience works better then USB3 -LRB- in PC enabled with USB3 -RRB- I was not originally sold on the MAC OS I felt it was inferior in many ways To Windows 7 .
A veryimportant feature is Firewire 80Negative which in my experience works better then USB3 -LRB- in PC enabled with USB3 -RRB- I was not originally sold on the MAC OS I felt it was inferior in many ways To Windows 7 .
Additionally , there is barely a ventilation system in the computer , and even the simple activity of watching videos let alone playing steam games causes the laptop to get very very hot , and in fact impossible to keep on lap .
After all was said and done , I essentially used that $ 450 savings to buy 16GB of RAM , TWO Seagate Momentus XT hybrid drives and an OWC upgrade kit to install the second hard drive .
After fumbling around with the OS I started searching the internet for a fix and found a number of forums on fixing the issue .
After replacing the spinning hard disk with an ssd drive , my mac is just flying .
All the ports are much needed since this is my main computer .
Also , in using the built-in camera , my voice recording for my vlog sounds like the interplanetary transmissions in the `` Star Wars '' saga .
Also stunning colors and speedy
Amazing Performance for anything I throw at it .
And I may be the only one but I am really liking Windows 8 .
And as for all the fancy finger swipes -- I just gave up and attached a mouse .
And mine had broke but I sent it in under warranty - no problems .
And the fact that Apple is driving the 13 '' RMBP with the Intel4000 graphic chip seems underpowered -LRB- to me .
And the fact that it comes with an i5 processor definitely speeds things up
And windows 7 works like a charm .
Apple "Help" is a mixed bag .
Apple is aware of this issue and this is either old stock or a defective design involving the intel 4000 graphics chipset .
Apple is unmatched in product quality , aesthetics , craftmanship , and customer service .
Apple no longer includes iDVD with the computer and furthermore , Apple does n't even offer it anymore !
Apple removed the DVD drive Firewire port -LRB- will work with adapter -RRB- and put the SDXC slot in a silly position on the back .
As far as user type - I dabble in everything from games -LRB- WoW -RRB- to Photoshop , but nothing professionally .
At first , I feel a little bit uncomfortable in using the Mac system .
At home and the office it gets plugged into an external 24 '' LCD screen , so built in screen size is not terribly important .
At home and the office it gets plugged into an external 24" LCD screen , so built in screen size is not terribly important .
Awesome form factor , great battery life , wonderful UX .
Biggest complaint is Windows 8 .
Boot time is super fast , around anywhere from 35 seconds to 1 minute .
Boot-up slowed significantly after all Windows updates were installed .
Built-in apps are purely amazing .
But I do NOT like Win8 .
But I wanted the Pro for the CD/DVD player .
But I was completely wrong , this computer is UNBELIEVABLE amazing and easy to use .
But the mountain lion is just too slow .
But the performance of Mac Mini is a huge disappointment .
But with this laptop , the bass is very weak and the sound comes out sounding tinny .
Buy the separate RAM memory and you will have a rocket !
CONS : Price is a bit ridiculous , kinda heavy .
Came with iPhoto and garage band already loaded .
Can you buy any laptop that matches the quality of a MacBook ?
Chatting with Acer support , I was advised the problem was corrupted operating system files .
Cons : Screen resolution .
Cost is more as compared to other brands .
Customization on mac is impossible .
Did not enjoy the new Windows 8 and touchscreen functions .
Does everything I need it to , has a wonderful battery life and I could n't be happier .
Easy to customize setting and even create your own bookmarks .
Easy to install also small to leave anywhere at your bedroom also very easy to configure for ADSl cable or wifi .
Easy to set up and go !
Enjoy using Microsoft Office !
Every time I log into the system after a few hours , there is this endlessly frustrating process that I have to go through .
Everything I wanted and everything I needed and the price was great !
Everything is so easy and intuitive to setup or configure .
Exactly as posted plus a great value .
Fan only comes on when you are playing a game .
Fine if you have a touch screen .
First of all yes this is a mac and it has that nice brushed aluminum .
First off , I really do like my MBP ... once used to the OS it is pretty easy to get around , and the overall build is great ... eg the keyboard is one of the best to type on .
From the speed to the multi touch gestures this operating system beats Windows easily .
Further , this Mac Mini has a sloppy Bluetooth interface -LRB- courtesy of the Mac OS -RRB- and the range is poor .
Got this Mac Mini with OS X Mountain Lion for my wife .
Graphics are much improved .
Great Performance and Quality .
HOWEVER I chose two day shipping and it took over a week to arrive .
Harddrive was in poor condition , had to replace it .
Has all the other features I wanted including a VGA port , HDMI , ethernet and 3 USB ports .
Having USB3 is why I bought this Mini .
Having heard from friends and family about how reliable a Mac product is , I never expected to have an application crash within the first month , but I did .
Here are the things that made me confident with my purchase : Build Quality - Seriously , you ca n't beat a unibody construction .
However , I can refute that OSX is `` FAST '' .
However , it did not have any scratches , ZERO battery cycle count -LRB- pretty surprised -RRB- , and all the hardware seemed to be working perfectly .
However , the experience was great since the OS does not become unstable and the application will simply shutdown and reopen .
However , there are MAJOR issues with the touchpad which render the device nearly useless .
I 'm overall pleased with the interface and the portability of this product .
I 'm using this computer for word processing , web browsing , some gaming , and I 'm learning programming .
I 've already upgraded o Mavericks and I am impressed with everything about this computer .
I 've had it for about 2 months now and found no issues with software or updates .
I 've had my computer for 2 weeks already and it works perfectly .
I 've installed to it additional SSD and 16Gb RAM .
I 've lived with the crashes and slow operation and restarts .
I Have been a Pc user for a very long time now but I will get used to this new OS .
I also made a recovery USB stick .
I also wanted Windows 7 , which this one has .
I am loving the fast performance also .
I am please with the products ease of use ; out of the box ready ; appearance and functionality .
I am pleased with the fast log on , speedy WiFi connection and the long battery life -LRB- > 6 hrs -RRB- .
I am replacing the HD with a Micron SSD soon .
I am still in the process of learning about its features .
I am used to computers with windows so I am having a little difficulty finding my way around .
I blame the Mac OS .
I bought it to be able to dedicate a small , portable laptop to my writing and was surprised to learn that I needed to buy a word processing program to do so .
I bought it to my son who uses it for graphic design .
I ca n't believe how quiet the hard drive is and how quick this thing boots up .
I called Toshiba where I gave them the serial number and they informed me that they were having issues with the mother boards .
I can say that I am fully satisfied with the performance that the computer has supplied .
I did add a SSD drive and memory
I did swap out the hard drive for a Samsung 830 SSD which I highly recommend .
I do not like too much Windows 8 .
I found the mini to be : Exceptionally easy to set up
I got the new adapter and there was no change .
I got this at an amazing price from Amazon and it arrived just in time .
I had the same reasons as most PC users : the price , the overbearing restrictions of OSX and lack of support for games .
I had to buy a wireless mouse to go with it , as I am old school and hate the pad , but knew that before I bought it , now it works great , need to get adjusted to the key board , as I am used to a bigger one and pounding .
I had to get Apple Customer Support to correct the problem .
I had to install Mountain Lion and it took a good two hours .
I have been PC for years but this computer is intuitive and its built in features are a great help
I have experienced no problems , works as anticipated .
I have had it over a year now with out a Glitch of any kind . . I love the lit up keys and screen display ... this thing is Fast and clear as can be .
I have n't tried the one with retina display ... Maybe in the future .
I just bought the new MacBook Pro , the 13 '' model , and I ca n't believe Apple keeps making the same mistake with regard to USB ports .
I know some people complained about HDMI issues but they released a firmware patch to address that issue .
I like coming back to Mac OS but this laptop is lacking in speaker quality compared to my $ 400 old HP laptop .
I like iTunes , the apparent security , the Mini form factor , all the nice graphics stuff .
I like the Mini Mac it was easy to setup and install , but I am learning as I go and could use a tutorial to learn how to use some of the features I was use to on the PC especially the right mouse click menu .
I like the brightness and adjustments .
I like the design and ease of use with the keyboard , plenty of ports .
I like the design and its features but there are somethings I think needs to be improved .
I like the lighted screen at night .
I like the operating system .
I love the form factor .
I love the quick start up .
I needed a laptop with big storage , a nice screen and fast so I can photoshop without any problem .
I never tried any external mics with that iMac .
I only wish this mac had a CD/DVD player built in .
I opted for the SquareTrade 3-Year Computer Accidental Protection Warranty -LRB- $ 1500-2000 -RRB- which also support `` accidents '' like drops and spills that are NOT covered by AppleCare .
I ordered my 2012 mac mini after being disappointed with spec of the new 27 '' Imacs .
I re-seated the "WLAN" card inside and re-installed the LAN device drivers .
I re-seated the `` WLAN '' card inside and re-installed the LAN device drivers .
I really like the size and I 'm a fan of the ACERS .
I seem to be having repeat problems as the Mother Board in this one is diagnosed as faulty , related to the graphics card .
I switched to this because I wanted something different , even though I miss windows .
I then upgraded to Mac OS X 10.8 "Mountain Lion" .
I think this is about as good as it gets at anything close to this price point .
I thought that it will be fine , if i do some settings .
I thought the transition would be difficult at best and would take some time to fully familiarize myself with the new Mac ecosystem .
I tried several monitors and several HDMI cables and this was the case each time .
I understand I should call Apple Tech Support about any variables -LRB- which is my purpose of writing this con -RRB- as variables could be a bigger future problem .
I use it mostly for content creation -LRB- Audio , video , photo editing -RRB- and its reliable .
I used windows XP , windows Vista , and Windows 7 extensively .
I want the portability of a tablet , without the limitations of a tablet and that 's where this laptop comes into play .
I wanted a computer that was quite , fast , and that had overall great performance .
I wanted it for it 's mobility and man , this little bad boy is very nice .
I was a little concerned about the touch pad based on reviews , but I 've found it fine to work with .
I was a little worry at first because I do n't have a lot of experience with os.x and windows has always been second nature to me after many years of using windows .
I was also informed that the components of the Mac Book were dirty .
I was amazed at how fast the delivery was .
I was concerned that the downgrade to the regular hard drive would make it unacceptably slow but I need not have worried - this machine is the fastest I have ever owned ...
I was considering buying the Air , but in reality , this one has a more powerful performance and seems much more convenient , even though it 's about .20 inch thicker and 2 lbs heavier .
I was extremely happy with the OS itself .
I was given a demonstration of Windows 8 .
I was having a though time deciding between the 13 '' MacBook Air or the MacBook Pro 13 '' -LRB- Both baseline models , priced at 1,200 $ retail -RRB-
I will not be using that slot again .
I will upgrade the ram myself -LRB- because with this model you can you can do it -RRB- later on .
I work as a designer and coder and I needed a new buddy to work with , not gaming .
I would have given it 5 starts was it not for the fact that it had Windows 8
If you ask me , for this price it should be included .
If you start on the far right side and scroll to your left the start menu will automatically come up .
In fact I still use many Legacy programs -LRB- Appleworks , FileMaker Pro , Quicken , Photoshop etc -RRB- !
In fact I still use manyLegacy programs -LRB- Appleworks , FileMaker Pro , Quicken , Photoshop etc -RRB- !
Incredible graphics and brilliant colors .
Instead , I 'll focus more on the actual performance and feature set of the hardware itself so you can make an educated decision on which Mac to buy .
It 's a decent computer for the price and hopefully it will last a long time .
It 's absolutely wonderful and worth the price !
It 's been a couple weeks since the purchase and I 'm struggle with finding the correct keys -LRB- but that was expected -RRB- .
It 's been time for a new laptop , and the only debate was which size of the Mac laptops , and whether to spring for the retina display .
It 's fast , light , and is perfect for media editing , which is mostly why I bought it in the first place .
It 's fast , light , and simple to use .
It 's fast at loading the internet .
It 's great for streaming video and other entertainment uses .
It 's just what we were looking for and it works great .
It 's light and easy to transport .
It 's not inexpensive but the Hardware performance is impressive for a computer this small .
It 's ok but does n't have a disk drive which I did n't know until after I bought it .
It 's silent and has a very small footprint on my desk .
It 's so nice that the battery last so long and that this machine has the snow lion !
It 's so quick and responsive that it makes working / surfing on a computer so much more pleasurable !
It also comes with 4G of RAM but if you 're like me you want to max that out so I immediately put 8G of RAM in her and I 've never used a computer that performs better .
It came in brand new and works perfectly .
It feels cheap , the keyboard is not very sensitive .
It has a very high performance , just for what I needed for .
It has all the expected features and more + plus a wide screen and more than roomy keyboard .
It has enough memory and speed to run my business with all the flexibility that comes with a laptop .
It has so much more speed and the screen is very sharp .
It is a great size and amazing windows 8 included !
It is fast and easy to use .
It is lightweight and the perfect size to carry to class .
It is made of such solid construction and since I have never had a Mac using my iPhone helped me get used to the system a bit .
It is pretty snappy and starts up in about 30 seconds which is good enough for me .
It is really easy to use and it is quick to start up .
It is really thick around the battery .
It is robust , with a friendly use as all Apple products .
It is super fast and has outstanding graphics .
It is the perfect size and speed for me .
It is very easy to integrate bluetooth devices , and USB devices are recognized almost instantly .
It is very easy to navigate even for a novice .
It is very fast and has everything that I need except for a word program .
It is very slim , the track pad is very much impressed with me .
It just works out of the box and you have a lot of cool software included with the OS .
It looks and feels solid , with a flawless finish .
It provides much more flexibility for connectivity .
It should n't happen like that , I do n't have any design app open or anything .
It still works and it 's extremely user friendly , so I would recommend it for new computer user and also for those who are just looking for a more efficient way to do things
It suddenly can not work .
It wakes in less than a second when I open the lid .
It was also suffering from hardware (keyboard) issues , relatively slow performance and shortening battery lifetime .
It was also suffering from hardware -LRB- keyboard -RRB- issues , relatively slow performance and shortening battery lifetime .
It was important that it was powerful enough to do all of the tasks he needed on the internet , word processing , graphic design and gaming .
It works fine , and all the software seems to run pretty well .
It works great and I am so happy I bought it .
Its fast , easy to use and it looks great .
Its size is ideal and the weight is acceptable .
Its the best , its got the looks , super easy to use and love all you can do with the trackpad ! . .
Just beware no DVD slot so when I went to install software I had on CD I could n't .
Keyboard responds well to presses .
Lastly , Windows 8 is annoying .
Logic board utterly fried , cried , and laid down and died .
Luckily , for all of us contemplating the decision , the Mac Mini is priced just right .
MAYBE The Mac OS improvement were not The product they Want to offer .
MS Office 2011 for Mac is wonderful , well worth it .
MY TRACKPAD IS NOT WORKING .
Mac tutorials do help .
Made interneting -LRB- part of my business -RRB- very difficult to maintain .
Many people complain about the new OS , and it 's urgent for Apple to fix it asap !
More likely it will require replacing the logic board once they admit they have a problem and come up with a solution .
My laptop with Windows 7 crashed and I did not want Windows 8 .
My last laptop was a 17 '' ASUS gaming machine , which performed admirably , but having since built my own desktop and really settling into the college life , I found myself wanting something smaller and less cumbersome , not to mention that the ASUS had been slowly developing problems ever since I bought it about 4 years ago .
My one complaint is that there was no internal CD drive .
My only complaint is the total lack of instructions that come with the mac mini .
My only gripe would be the need to add more RAM .
My wife was so excited to open the box , but quickly came to see that it did not function as it should .
Needs a CD/DVD drive and a bigger power switch .
Nice packing .
Nice screen , keyboard works great !
No Cd Rom in the new version there 's no way I 'm spending that kind of money on something has less features than the older version .
No HDMI port .
No installation disk (DVD) is included .
No startup disk was not included but that may be my fault .
Not as fast as I would have expect for an i5 .
Not sure on Windows 8 .
Not too expense and has enough storage for most users and many ports .
Note , however , that any existing MagSafe accessories you have will not work with the MagSafe 2 connection .
Now that I have upgraded to Lion I am much happier about MAC OS and have just bought an iMac for office .
OSX Lion is a great performer . . extremely fast and reliable .
OSX Mountain Lion soon to upgrade to Mavericks .
On start up it asks endless questions just so itune can sell you more of their products .
Once you get past learning how to use the poorly designed Windows 8 Set-Up you may feel frustrated .
One more thing , this mac does NOT come with restore disks and I am not sure if you can make them direct from the mac like you can with newer PC 's , also the charging cables are made of the same cheap material as the iPhone/iPod touch cables .
Only 2 usb ports ... seems kind of ... limited .
Only problem that I had was that the track pad was not very good for me , I only had a problem once or twice with it , But probably my computer was a bit defective .
Other ports include FireWire 800 , Gigabit Ethernet , MagSafe port , Microphone jack .
Other ports include FireWire 80Negative , Gigabit Ethernet , MagSafe port , Microphone jack .
Other than not being a fan of click pads -LRB- industry standard these days -RRB- and the lousy internal speakers , it 's hard for me to find things about this notebook I do n't like , especially considering the $ 350 price tag .
Perfect for all my graphic design classes I 'm taking this year in college : - -RRB-
Performance is much much better on the Pro , especially if you install an SSD on it .
Plus two finger clicking as a replacement for the right click button is surprisingly intuitive .
Premium price for the OS more than anything else .
Price was higher when purchased on MAC when compared to price showing on PC when I bought this product .
Put a SSD and use a 21 '' LED screen , this set up is silky smooth !
Put a SSD and use a 21" LED screen , this set up is silky smooth !
Put a cover on it and is a little better but that is my only complaint .
Quick and has built in virus control .
Runs good and does the job , ca n't complain about that !
Runs like a champ ...
Runs real quick .
Runs very smoothly .
Screen - although some people might complain about low res which I think is ridiculous .
Screen is bright and gorgeous .
Set up was a breeze .
Set up was easy .
Shipped very quickly and safely .
Shipping was quick and product described was the product sent and so much more ...
Simple details , crafted aluminium and real glass make this laptop blow away the other plastic ridden , bulky sticker filled laptops .
Since the machine 's slim profile is critical to me , that was a problem .
So happy with this purchase , I just wish it came with Microsoft Word .
So much faster and sleeker looking .
Soft touch , anodized aluminum with laser cut precision and no flaws .
Starts up in a hurry and everything is ready to go .
Startup times are incredibly long : over two minutes .
Strong build though which really adds to its durability .
Super light , super sexy and everything just works .
Sure it 's not light and slim but the features make up for it 100 % .
System is running great .
THE CUSTOMER SERVICE IS TERRIFIC !!
Thank goodness for OpenOffice !
Thanks for the fast shipment and great price .
The 2.9ghz dual-core i7 chip really out does itself .
The Apple engineers have not yet discovered the delete key .
The Dell Inspiron is fast and has a number pad on the keyboard , which I miss on my Apple laptops .
The Like New condition of the iMac MC309LL/A on Amazon is at $ 900 + level only , and it is a Quad-Core 2.5 GHz CPU -LRB- similar to the $ 799 Mini -RRB- , with Radeon HD 6750M 512MB graphic card -LRB- this mini is integrated Intel 4000 card -RRB- , and it even comes with wireless Apple Keyboard and Mouse , all put together in neat and nice package .
The MAC Mini , wireless keyboard / mouse and a HDMI cable is all I need to get some real work done .
The MBP is beautiful has many wonderful capabilities .
The Mac Mini is probably the simplest example of compact computing out there .
The Mac mini is about 8x smaller than my old computer which is a huge bonus and runs very quiet , actually the fans are n't audible unlike my old pc
The Macbook pro 's physical form is wonderful .
The Mini 's body has n't changed since late 2010 - and for a good reason .
The Mountain Lion OS is not hard to figure out if you are familiar with Microsoft Windows .
The OS is easy , and offers all kinds of surprises .
The OS is fast and fluid , everything is organized and it 's just beautiful .
The OS is great .
The SD card reader is slightly recessed and upside down -LRB- the nail slot on the card can not be accessed -RRB- , if this was a self ejecting slot this would not be an issue , but its not .
The SuperDrive is quiet .
The aluminum body sure makes it stand out .
The audio volume is quite low and virtually unusable in a room with any background activity .
The baterry is very longer .
The battery is not as shown in the product photos .
The battery lasts as advertised -LRB- give or take 15-20 minutes -RRB- , and the entire user experience is very elegant .
The battery life is excellent , the display is excellent , and downloading apps is a breeze .
The battery life is excellent - 6-7 hours without charging .
The battery was completely dead , in fact it had grown about a quarter inch thick lump on the underside .
The built quality is really good , I was so Happy and excited about this Product .
The case is now slightly larger than the previous generation , but the lack of an external power supply justifies the small increase in size .
The configuration is perfect for my needs .
The criticism has waned , and now I 'd be the first to recommend an Air for truly portable computing .
The durability of the laptop will make it worth the money .
The exterior is absolutely gorgeous .
The first time I used the card reader it took half an hour and a pair of tweezers to remove the card .
The memory was gone and it was not able to be used .
The new MBP offers great portability and gives us confidence that we are not going to need to purchase a new laptop in 18 months .
The new operating system makes this computer into a super iPad .
The new os is great on my macbook pro !
The nicest part is the low heat output and ultra quiet operation .
The on/off switch is a bit obscure in the rear corner .
The only issue came when I tried scanning to the mac .
The only solution is to turn the brightness down , etc. .
The only task that this computer would not be good enough for would be gaming , otherwise the integrated Intel 4000 graphics work well for other tasks .
The only thing I dislike about this laptop are the rubber pads found on the bottom of the computer for grip .
The only thing I dislike is the touchpad , alot of the times its unresponsive and does things I dont want it too , I would recommend using a mouse with it .
The only thing I miss are the "Home/End" type keys and other things that I grew accustomed to after so long .
The only thing I miss is that my old Alienware laptop had backlit keys .
The performance is definitely superior to any computer I 've ever put my hands on .
The performance seems quite good , and built-in applications like iPhoto work great with my phone and camera .
The power plug has to be connected to the power adaptor to charge the battery but wo n't stay connected .
The price is 200 dollars down .
The reason why I choose apple MacBook because of their design and the aluminum casing .
The receiver was full of superlatives for the quality and performance .
The screen , the software and the smoothness of the operating system .
The settings are not user-friendly either .
The smaller size was a bonus because of space restrictions .
The sound as mentioned earlier is n't the best , but it can be solved with headphones .
The sound is nice and loud ; I do n't have any problems with hearing anything .
The sound was crappy even when you turn up the volume still the same results .
The specs are pretty good too .
The speed , the simplicity , the design . . it is lightyears ahead of any PC I have ever owned .
The technical support was not helpful as well .
The thunderbolt port is awesome !
The troubleshooting said it was the AC adaptor so we ordered a new one .
The unibody construction really does feel lot more solid than Apple 's previous laptops .
Then the system would many times not power down without a forced power-off .
There is no "tools" menu .
There is no HDMI receptacle , nor is there an SD card slot located anywhere on the device .
There were small problems with Mac office .
They are simpler to use .
They do n't just look good ; they deliver excellent performance .
This Macbook Pro is fast , powerful , and runs super quiet and cool .
This by far beats any computer out on the market today built well , battery life AMAZING .
This computer is also awesome for my sons virtual home schooling .
This hardware seems to be better than the iMac in that it is n't $ 1400 and smaller .
This item is a beautiful piece , it works well , it is easy to carry and handle .
This laptop has only 2 USB ports , and they are both on the same side .
This mac does come with an extender cable and I 'm using mine right now hoping the cable will stay nice for the many years I plan on using this mac .
This mouse is terrific .
This newer netbook has no hard drive or network lights .
This one still has the CD slot .
This thing is awesome , everything always works , everything is always easy to set up , everything is compatible , its literally everything I could ask for .
This version of MacBook Pro runs on a third-generation CPU ("Ivy Bridge") , not the latest fourth-generation Haswell CPU the 2013 version has .
This version of MacBook Pro runs on a third-generation CPU -LRB- `` Ivy Bridge '' -RRB- , not the latest fourth-generation Haswell CPU the 2013 version has .
Though please note that sometimes it crashes , and the sound quality isnt superb .
Took a long time trying to decide between one with retina display and one without .
USB3 Peripherals are noticably less expensive than the ThunderBolt ones .
Unfortunately , it runs XP and Microsoft is dropping support next April .
User upgradeable RAM and HDD .
Very nice unibody construction .
Was n't sure if I was going to like it much less love it so I went to a local best buy and played around with the IOS system on a Mac Pro and it was totally unique and different .
Web browsing is very quick with Safari browser .
Web surfuring is smooth and seamless .
Well designed and fast .
When considering a Mac , look at the total cost of ownership and not just the initial price tag .
Which it did not have , only 3 USB 2 ports .
WiFi capability , disk drive and multiple USB ports to connect scale and printers was all that was required .
With the needs of a professional photographer I generally need to keep up with the best specs .
With the softwares supporting the use of other OS makes it much better .
Within a few hours I was using the gestures unconsciously .
Works well , and I am extremely happy to be back to an apple OS .
Yes , that 's a good thing , but it 's made from aluminum that scratches easily .
Yet my mac continues to function properly .
You just can not beat the functionality of an Apple device .
air has higher resolution but the fonts are small .
also ... - excellent operating system - size and weight for optimal mobility - excellent durability of the battery - the functions provided by the trackpad is unmatched by any other brand -
and its not hard to accidentally bang it against something so i recommend getting a case to protect it .
and the speakers is the worst ever .
fast , great screen , beautiful apps for a laptop ; priced at 1100 on the apple website ; amazon had it for 1098 + tax - plus i had a 10 % off coupon from amazon - cost me 998 plus tax - 1070 - OTD !
fast , great screen , beautiful apps for a laptop ; priced at 1100 on the apple website ; amazon had it for 1098 + tax - plus i had a 10 % off coupon from amazon-cost me 998 plus tax - 1070 - OTD !
great price free shipping what else can i ask for !!
i have dropped mine a couple times with only a slim plastic case covering it .
i love the keyboard and the screen .
if yo like practicality this is the laptop for you .
it 's exactly what i wanted , and it has all the new features and whatnot .
it definitely beats my old mac and the service was great .
it has all the features that we expected and the price was good , working well so far .
its as advertised on here ... it works great and is not a waste of money !
packing and everything was perfect
so i called technical support .
tech support would not fix the problem unless I bought your plan for $ 150 plus .
thanks for great service and shipping !
the hardware problems have been so bad , i ca n't wait till it completely dies in 3 years , TOPS !
the latest version does not have a disc drive .
the retina display display make pictures i took years ago jaw dropping .
the volume is really low to low for a laptopwas not expectin t volume to be so lowan i hate that about this computer
this Mac Mini does not have a built-in mic , and it would seem that its Mac OS 10.9 does not handle external microphones properly .
tried windows 8 and hated it !!!
working with Mac is so much easier , so many cool features .
