$ 160 for 2 filets , 2 sides , an appetizer and drinks .
$ 20 for all you can eat sushi can not be beaten .
$ 20 gets you unlimited sushi of a very high quality - I even took a friend here from Japan who said it was one of the best sushi places in the US that he has been to .
$ 6 and there is much tasty food , all of it fresh and continually refilled .
- the bread at the beginning is super tasty and makes you want more - the pizza is delicious and comes in personal sizes , however be warned that the Peter 's Favourite pizza with prosciutto and baby arugula is actually a margarite pizza with cold prosciutto and baby arugula on top , like a salad .
- the bread at the beginning is super tasty and makes you want more - the pizza is delicious and comes in personal sizes , however be warned that the Peter's Favourite pizza with prosciutto and baby arugula is actually a margarite pizza with cold prosciutto and baby arugula on top , like a salad .
-LRB- $ 200 for 2 glasses of champagne , not too expensive bottle of wine and 2 after dinner drinks -RRB- .
-LRB- Always ask the bartender for the SEASONAL beer !!!
-LRB- and I have eaten my share -RRB- Which impresses me for having such a large amount of people to serve .
-LRB- food was delivered by a busboy , not waiter -RRB- We got no cheese offered for the pasta , our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal , when we would have easily spent another $ 20 on wine .
20 minutes for our reservation but it gave us time to have a few cocktails and enjoy our surroundings and each other .
A + + The service was good to excellent along with the attitude .
A Thai restaurant out of rice during dinner ?
A bit breezy up there on the mezzanine from the wind coming from the tracks .
A cheap eat for NYC , but not for dosa .
A cool bar with great food , and tons of excellent beer .
A cool place to hang with your friends for a couple of healthy drinks and desserts .
A few tips : skip the turnip cake , roast pork buns and egg custards .
A gentleman , maybe the manager , came to our table , and without so much as a smile or greeting asked for our order .
A glass of Leaping Lizard , a glass of prosecco , and the mussels had everything happy .
A great choice at any cost and a great deal .
A great way to make some money is to buy a case of snapple from Costco and sell it right outside for only $ 2.50 .
A large is $ 20 , and toppings are about $ 3 each .
A must for all the Dosa lovers .
A narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters , a great deal of mess -LRB- stacks of bottles , cans -RRB- and a small counter holding 12-14 entrees .
A restaurant that does n't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere .
A touch more jalapeno heat for contrast and it would have been very good indeed .
A very inviting restaurant , with friendly service .
A wonderful place !
Acceptable prices .
Add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening .
Admittedly , this is not the place for gigantic pieces of fish overflowing the plate -LRB- and thank goodness , in my opinion -RRB- but for simple , elegant sushi there is no better place in New York or anywhere in the US .
Admittedly some nights inside the restaurant were rather warm , but the open kitchen is part of the charm .
After 2 tries by the waiter to take it away -LRB- we had n't even looked at it yet , we had full beers yet to drink -RRB- , the manager approached and told us they needed the table for people with reservations .
After a seafood craving , i checked citysearch and chose to go to Fish based on a previous review and the citysearch info .
After all that , they complained to me about the small tip .
After being told that our party of three would be seated in 10 minutes and watching other parties -LRB- multiples of 2 and higher -RRB- seated for 40 minutes , the three of us were squished into a small 2-person table .
After complaining about the chicken dish , the manager came over to tell us that , no one had ever complained before , and that we just did n't know what the dish was supposed to taste like .
After dealing with subpar pizza all over the Kensington neighborhood - I 've found little toninos .
After dinner , take your date to the HUGE dance floor , probably one of the biggest you 'll see in NY .
After my 3rd time the manager remembered me and treated me like an usual customer .
After passing by this restaurant for sometime I finally decided to go in and have dinner .
After really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner .
After the main course came , we did n't see our waiter for at least 40 MINUTES !
After we got our sashimi order , I could not believe how small the portions were !
Again , the waitress was awesome .
All I can say is $ 2 pints during happy hour and the some of the cheapest oysters you 'll find in the city , though the quality is some of the best .
All conveniently delivered right to the door .
All in all , this midtown gem instantly became one of my favorite sushi restaurants in the city .
All in all the food was above average and I would return to see how they operate with four or less dinners .
All my co-workers were amazed at how small the dish was .
All of my co-workers stated that the food was amazing and wondered why they had n't heard about this place .
All of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better !
All the NYU students love this place so it makes for a fun young atmosphere .
All the appetizers and salads were fabulous , the steak was mouth watering and the pasta was delicious !!!
All the desserts the group tried got favorable reviews .
All the food was hot tasty .
All the money went into the interior decoration , none of it went to the chefs .
All the pastas are fantastic and the homemade lasagna is some of the best that I have had in the City .
All we received was an apology as we left to see our show without dinner .
Also , do n't plan on asking for your favorite roll , if it 's not on the menu , you ca n't have it .
Also , if you do n't want to sit at a certain table , you do n't have to !
Also , specify if you like your food spicy - its rather bland if you do n't .
Also , the hostess called me today to thank us for coming and mentioned how she hoped that my girlfriend enjoyed her birthday - unexpected , but a truly above and beyond thing to do ...
Also , the sandwiches -LRB- nearing $ 7 -RRB- did n't come with anything like chips or a side .
Also , top the meal with a delicious and perfect slice of tiramisu .
Also a little more expensive than your average bagel place .
Also good for client lunch meetings , esp .
Although be warned their dinner menu to sit and take ou t prices are different .
Although be warned their dinner menu to sit and take out prices are different .
Although the tables may be closely situated , the candle-light , food-quality and service overcompensate .
Although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat .
Although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great .
Always a nice crowd , but never loud .
Always great service !
Always popular , always full , always a wait .
Ambiance - relaxed and stylish .
Ambiance and music funky , which I enjoy .
Ambiance is barely romantic but management tries .
Ambience is delightful , service impeccable .
Ambience is so cute and quaint , good for business although we were there on vacation .
Among all of the new 5th avenue restaurants , this offers by far one of the best values for your money .
An excellent alternative to fast food joints and ordering in but , the food was slightly disappointing .
An excellent service
An oasis of refinement : Food , though somewhat uneven , often reaches the pinnacles of new American fine cuisine - chef 's passion -LRB- and kitchen 's precise execution -RRB- is most evident in the fish dishes and soups .
And , atlhough tables opened up next to us and we ASKED for a slightly larger space , they left us awkardly seated .
And I say snacking because it really is not set up to be a proper dinner .
And I would have to agree with the masses in terms of service - delivery is their Achilles ' heel .
And Kruno , the beverage manager is the best bartender I have yet to come across .
And at the conclusion of this culinary nightmare the check was given to our table by knocking over a glass of water .
And forget what you read under me , the atmosphere is n't that bad either .
And it all comes at a very reasonable price -LRB- congee , noodles , and rice dishes are no more than $ 3-6 each -RRB- .
And really large portions .
And the Tom Kha soup was pathetic .
And the bill was outragous .
And the food was fantastic .
And the fried clams had just enough kick to them to make 'em worth eating .
And the prices were way to high for what you get .
And the staff is also young , energeic and hot !!!!
And their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service !
And they have these home made potato chips at the bar that are the most delicious things in the world !
And they provided a delicious dessert on the house !
Another plus is most of the entrees are approx .
Any if you have a reservation you 'll wait for max 5 minutes - so have a drink at the bar .
Anyway , the food is good , the price is right and they have a decent wine list .
Anyways , if you 're in the neighborhood to eat good food , I would n't waste my time trying to find something , rather go across the street to Tamari .
Apparently , the good cook works then .
Appetizers are somewhere around $ 7 each and the main dishes are between $ 11 and $ 16 .
As I made the title , it 's an affordable restaurant for great taste .
As a long-time patron of Mamoun 's , I always figured that I had found the best late night food spot in the city .
As always we had a great glass of wine while we waited .
As for the bar , this is another bad idea .
As much as I like the food there , I ca n't bring myself to go back .
As soon as I wake up on a saturday or sunday it is the first thing on my mind is when and how I will be getting to fried dumpling .
As soon as my father lifted his pen from the check a chef appeared to usher us out .
As there were so many to choose from we wandered up and down the street looking in the windows and such noticicing many empty seats , except at Taj Mahal .
As we were leaving , the couple standing by the door said to another waiter , we 're not in a hurry .
As we were sitting eating the subpar food the manager proceeded to berate a couple of his employees for putting out the wrong containers for condiments and explained to them how expensive these containers were .
Aside from the Sea Urchin , the chef recommended an assortment of fish including Fatty Yellow Tail , Boton Shrimp , Blue Fin Torro (Fatty Tuna) , Sea Eel , etc. .
Aside from the Sea Urchin , the chef recommended an assortment of fish including Fatty Yellow Tail , Boton Shrimp , Blue Fin Torro -LRB- Fatty Tuna -RRB- , Sea Eel , etc. .
Aside from the rushed service , we were very impressed with the food and the drinks .
Ask for Usha , the nicest bartender in manhattan .
At 5 dumplings for $ 1 , you just can not go wrong .
At the end you 're left with a mild broth with noodles that you can slurp out of a cup .
Authentic Pakistani food .
Authentic food and they have REAL service , not just the rush you get sometimes when they try to push you out the door .
Average to good Thai food , but terrible delivery .
Awsome Pizza especially the Margheritta slice .
BE CAREFUL before you request extra spice .
BUt their best dish is thh Thai spiced curry noodles with shrimp - a dish that would cost $ 23.95 is most places , but it is $ 16 here .
Bagels are ok , but be sure not to make any special requests !
Ballato 's is consistently delicious authentic italian food .
Baluchi 's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices .
Barbecued codfish was gorgeously moist - as if poached - yet the fabulous texture was let down by curiously bland seasoning - a spice rub might have overwhelmed , however herb mix or other sauce would have done much to enhance .
Bartender was unable to tear himself away from friends at bar .
Based on the reviews for dinner , this is a place I would reconsider revisiting for that , but definitely not for Dim Sum again .
Be careful of portions - they 're HUGE .
Be sure to try the seasonal , and always delicious , specials .
Because of the delicate thin crust , take-out pies get soggy in their boxes .
Because we did n't have a reservation , we could only sit in the back garden , but it was great , secluded and perfect in nice weather .
Beef noodle soup is good as well .
Been going here since it opened have seen the quality value decrease considerably .
Behind this counter , two men are squeezed in .
Besides , when you have bad service , that 's less money you have to tip .
Besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated , we were served dishes we had n't ordered three times , received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served -LRB- and that order was undercooked -RRB- , and charged $ 45 more than we should have been on our bill .
Best Italian food I ever had -LRB- and being Italian , that means alot -RRB- .
Best Pastrami I ever had and great portion without being ridiculous .
Best Reuben sandwich ever !
Best Taiwanese food in NY !
Best dish is nori-wrapped tuna .
Best drumsticks over rice and sour spicy soup in town !
Best of all is the warm vibe , the owner is super friendly and service is fast .
Big Wong gets big Ups for a fine establishment .
Both are delicious , the cooks are friendly and are willing to take a moment and speak to you and shake your hand .
Both the fresh mozzerella slices and the Plain Cheese slice are phenomenal .
Both times I was extremely dissappointed by the service , which was boarderline rude .
Both times we waited well over a half hour for a table -LRB- even though we had reservations -RRB- .
Bottom line : B + for the food , F for the service .
But , nothing stands out about the cooking .
But , they were too big for the bun .
But after last night , Spice Grill is the only place I 'm eating indian cuisine .
But do n't ever order bacon late at nite -LRB- either platter or in sandwiches , for that matter do n't from any take out place -RRB- as it is from the morning frying turns out hard almost like bacos , hurt my molars .
But for whatever reason , prices are about twice as high .
But that was n't the icing on the cake : a tiramisu that resembled nothing I have ever had .
But the best part about LS is the late night atmosphere , delightfully free of the BTs .
But the coconut rice was good .
But the main hit was the whole grilled fish .
But the pizza is way to expensive .
But the staff was so horrible to us .
But the thai is definitely not great -- bland and indistinguished .
But the thing that my wife and I hated was it was so loud and it felt like ' bar ' or ` pub ' .
But the thing that my wife and I hated was it was so loud and it felt like ` bar ' or ' pub ' .
But they 've done a really nice job of offering all the typical pizzeria faves plus some terrific specials like the Godmother pizza (a sort of traditional flat pizza with an olive oil-brushed crust and less tomato sauce than usual) .
But they 've done a really nice job of offering all the typical pizzeria faves plus some terrific specials like the Godmother pizza -LRB- a sort of traditional flat pizza with an olive oil-brushed crust and less tomato sauce than usual -RRB- .
But they do n't have a toaster , which is strange .
But when you are seated the waitresses are great , they explain everything on the menu , and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get .
But who says Murray 's is anything about service .
Butter was melted , white wine warm , cheese oozing everywhere .
By far , the best pizza in Manhattan .
By far the best salad I have had in a fast food restaurant .
By far this is the only chinese desserts place I know in NY or anywhere close in the Northeastern America that serves desserts with frog jelly in a couple of varieties and pig feet ginger simmered in black vinegar .
Chance is a small cozy restaurant , with a romantic feel to it , the decor is great .
Check it out , it wo n't hurt your stomach or your wallet .
Check out the secret back room .
Cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at $ 10 .
Coming from Boston this place is like Emma 's Pizza in Kendall Square in Cambridge -LRB- although they have more funky toppings ! -RRB-
Compared to Ess-a , Tal offers a less doughy bagel !
Complimentary stuff kept coming , and when the waiter saw me opening a gift , I received my dessert on a plate that had Happy Birthday written on it , with a candlevery nice touch , and attentive staff .
Consequently , their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they did ` nt feel like finishing them .
Considering their price of $ 6.25 for lunch specia l , the dish was ridiculously small .
Considering their price of $ 6.25 for lunch special , the dish was ridiculously small .
Consistently good Japanese Tapas .
Cornelia Street looks like a Broadway set for West Side Story and the inside of Po is so cool quaint you really ca n't top the setting for a romantic dinner in NYC .
Could be pricey without a prix fixe meal .
Cozy romantic atomosphere with only around 15 tables at most .
Cute place , nice wait staff but would never go there again .
DO not try unless you 're just going there to hang out like the rest of the hipsters who apparently have no sense of taste .
Dahkin also offers prix fixe lunch and buffet .
Decent Thai food in cute - though a bit dank - little Nolita hangout , BUT service terrible .
Decent wine at reasonable prices .
Decent wine selection too .
Decor is charming .
Decor is minimalist and clean - nothing to distract or commend .
Decor is nice and minimalist , food simple yet very well presented and cooked , and the wine list matches the food very well .
Decor is nice though service can be spotty .
Decor leaves something to be desired .
Deep Fried Skewers are good and still rare to find in NYC .
Definite go if you 're used to good Indian restaurant food from abroad .
Definitely not worth the price !
Delicate spices , onions , eggs and a kick-ass roti .
Delicious crab cakes too .
Delicious food , excellent service , and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $ 5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch !
Delicious food at a great price but do not go here on a cold day and sit by the front door .
Deliveries often take up to an hour and the prices are higher than most other pizzerias in the area .
Delivery is fast too .
Delivery service is great too .
Despite a slightly limited menu , everything prepared is done to perfection , ultra fresh and a work of food art .
Despite the fact that the space is large , they 've overcrowded the floor with tables .
Dessert - ca n't be missed , so save room !!!
Did I mention the wine ?
Diner food at bistro prices is a bummer ...
Dinner took almost 4 hours without any lag time .
Dip the ingredients in with your chopsticks , swirl them around , and eat .
Disappointing food , lousy service .
Do n't dine at Tamarind for the vegetarian dishes , they are simply not up to par with the non-veg selections .
Do n't eat here unless you 're starving for thai food and you work next door .
Do n't expect to sit down inside though , there are only a few tables and they are always full .
Do n't go alone -- even two people is n't enough for the whole experience , with pickles and a selection of meats and seafoods .
Do n't waste money on decor .
Do not get the Go Go Hamburgers , no matter what the reviews say .
Downstairs lounge is always a good attraction
Drawbacks : service is slow and they do n't toast !
Drinks got screwed up , she acted put upon .
Drinks way over priced .
During our meal , the management came over and checked on us and even bought us a round of drinks .
During the course of the past 3 months , the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better .
Each bite of food at Kai was indeed delicious , fresh , and elegant .
Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface , and you get platters of thin sliced meats , various vegetables , and rice and glass noodles .
Eating in , the atmosphere saves it , but at your desk , it 's a very disappointing experience .
Edible but really a ripoff at those prices given whats in the area .
Emilio , the owner , is often sitting in the front table greeting guests as they come and go .
Especially liked chicken tikka and the naan , and the dals .
Ess-A-Bagel -LRB- either by Sty-town or midtown -RRB- is by far the best bagel in NY .
Even after getting pushed out by the no-class Famous Ray 's , Sal has risen again to carry on his father 's uncle 's legacies with a smile , true love for his community , and let 's not forget the Outstanding Pizza !
Even better , they know how to cook French classics like Steak au Poivre and Onglet without burning it to death or overcooking it .
Even if the food was n't this good , the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax .
Even the pasta is delicious here -LRB- a rarity in New York pizza restaurants -RRB- .
Even though I made the reservation at 3pm for the same night through Dinnerbroker , we were seated at a table with one of the best view !
Even though its good seafood , the prices are too high .
Even though the restaurant was packed , we were seated promptly and even asked for a table upstairs with no problems .
Even upon delivery , their juicy pork buns are quite good . .
Even with a relatively inexpensive botle of wine , if you can call $ 70.00 inexpensive , the cost is through the roof for better than average fare .
Every course was better than the next .
Every waitress and customer who passed by me bumped into my chair .
Everything , from the soft bread , soggy salad , and 50 minute wait time , with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food .
Everything is always cooked to perfection , the service is excellent , the decor cool and understated .
Everything is excellent , the menu is quite extensive , and you eat with a view on both sides of the city .
Everything looks great , the drinks , the decor , the food , even the people .
Example is the soup which was about 6 oz for $ 12 dollars and the mushrooms where $ 12 for about 1oz .
Excellent atmosphere , delicious dishes good and friendly service .
Excellent dumplings served amid clean , chic decor .
Excellent lunch buffet for only $ 6.95 .
Faan 's got a great concept but a little rough on the delivery .
Fabulous service , fantastic food , and a chilled out atmosphere and environment .
Fast service .
First , the waiter who served us neglected to fill us in on the specials , which I would have chosen had I known about them .
First of all , this place is * not * romantic , as claimed by Citysearch 's editorial review .
First off , the waitress was completely unattentive the 2 times we saw her -LRB- odd in a restaurant with 6 tables -RRB- and got our order wrong .
First the wrong bread came out with the appetizer , then when i tried to order a second glass of wine for my main course ...
First went here to enjoy their garden terrace .
Fish is so very fresh .
Fish was overdone .
Fluke sashimi drizzled with jalapeno-lime olive oil , the fruit of the oil nicely highlighting the fish 's sweetness .
Food - awesome .
Food and service was okay .
Food is average , and I would say even the chain restaurant Baluchi 's tastes better .
Food is excellent .
Food is great .
Food is great and inexpensive .
Food is usually very good , though ocasionally I wondered about freshmess of raw vegatables in side orders .
Food was OK - fish was cooked well .
Food was average and creme brulee was awful - the sugar was charred , not caramelized and smelled of kerosene .
Food was average but tasty .
Food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when I went .
Food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit
Food was okay , nothing great .
Food was very good , but not what I would consider out of this world .
Food was very good as well , considering that we tried the budget selection -LRB- though I wish the pork belly that I ordered was roasted a bit longer , so that fat was more of a melt-in-your-mouth experience -RRB- .
For all of you new to Indian food , try the Paneer Roll , it is a piece of heaven .
For appetizers , I recommend the shrimp fritters and dumplings .
For authentic Thai food , look no further than Toons .
For dinner I had the chicken tikka-masala and some garlic naan .
For great chinese food nearby , you have Wu Liang Ye and Grand Sichuan just a block away .
For many people , this may not seem like Aunthentic Thai food because most places in NYC arent quite authentic .
For some reason , all the seafood on the menu was unavailable except for the Salmon .
For the location , the prices are very reasonable .
For the next hour and a half we stood in the crowded lobby area of this touristy restaurant listening to all types of explanations of why we were not being seated .
For the people who want great food plus great service , Roxy is a place to AVOID !
For the price , you can not eat this well in Manhattan .
For the quality of food , a little too expensive .
For those prices and the dressed up atmosphere you expect more and should get more .
For two people with tip was less than $ 25 bucks .
For years , I thought Tuscan cuisine was the best , but Salvatore converted me to the hearty Neapolitan fare on my first visit .
Found service above average , but that could be because we were 13 of us .
Frankly , when you compare what you can have here for lunch , versus McDs or so many other sandwich shops in the city , there is no comparison .
Fresh , authentic , french cuisine in substantial portions .
Fresh ingredients and everything is made to order .
Friendly and informative staff , very attentive and prompt raw bar service .
Friendly staff that actually lets you enjoy your meal and the company you 're with .
Frites were delicious if a bit on the thick side .
From beginning appetizers , the scallops were incredible , to the delicious chocolate souffle with rasberry mint sorbet , we were delighted by the taste sensations .
From the appetizers we ate , the dim sum and other variety of foods , it was impossible to criticize the food .
From the complimentary chef app of a delicate butternut squash ravioli in a delicious truffle sauce to an amazing buttery and tender langostine entree to a dessert that I ca n't remember because of the fabulous Cakebread Cabernet we were drinking -- the whole evening was amazing .
From the entrees to the sides to the drinks , everything was creatively prepared yet still simple .
From the incredible food , to the warm atmosphere , to the friendly service , this downtown neighborhood spot does n't miss a beat .
From the moment we walked in they were more than accomodating even though the place was packed .
From the moment you enter till the moment you walk out the friendly and helpful staff was was just Fantastic .
From the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff , I felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it .
From the terrible service , to the bland food , not to mention the unaccommodating managers , the overall experience was horrible .
Furthermore , the rice had no seasoning , so the sushi was bland and disgusting .
Get the soup and a nosh (pastrami sandwich) for $ 8 and you 're golden .
Get the soup and a nosh -LRB- pastrami sandwich -RRB- for $ 8 and you 're golden .
Get the tuna of gari .
Get your food to go , find a bench , and kick back with a plate of dumplings .
Given the incredible architecture surrounding it , this place has no character .
Go here for a romantic dinner but not for an all out wow dining experience .
Go to Volare for 1st class service and terrific food .
Going to Volare is like going to your favorite aunt 's house for dinner , assuming that your aunt is a great Italian cook .
Good , because hey , it 's more food , but bad because dim sum is supposed to be smaller portions so you can try out more dishes and smaller so that each dish is cheap .
Good , dark atmosphere and the music is a nice touch .
Good , fast service .
Good French restaurant in an area devoid of decent restaurants unless you 're into eating 4 pound pastrami sandwiches at Katz ' Deli , or Mexican food which is supplied by capable restaurants .
Good atmosphere , combination of all the hottest music dress cod e is relatively strict except on Fridays .
Good atmosphere , combination of all the hottest music dress code is relatively strict except on Fridays .
Good bagels and good cream cheese .
Good crowd , good outdoor seating , with a hip japanese vibe .
Good drink .
Good food .
Good food at the restaurant -LRB- a bit expensive , but great if you want to impress your date -RRB- .
Good for casual dinner with jeans and sneakers .
Good luck getting a table .
Good spreads , great beverage selections and bagels really tasty .
Good to find a restaurant where the owners have some imagination and they have actually pulled it off , like in this case .
Got club soda, filled with ice, no lime .
Granted the space is smaller than most , it is the best service you will find in even the largest of restaurants .
Great Indian food and the service is incredible .
Great atmoshere and worth every bit .
Great bagels , spreads and a good place to hang out in .
Great bagels made the old-fashioned way .
Great bar , most gorgeous bartenders you 've ever seen -LRB- specifically the blond lady -RRB- .
Great food , good size menu , great service and an unpretensious setting .
Great food , great decor , great service .
Great food , great lay out and awesome service .
Great food , great prices , great service .
Great food -LRB- spinach and corn dumplings and massamman curry -RRB- , very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom .
Great food and the prices are very reasonable .
Great food at REASONABLE prices , makes for an evening that ca n't be beat !
Great food at reasonable prices .
Great for groups , great for a date , great for early brunch or a nightcap .
Great for large groups and celebrations - our SUPER HAPPY waiter was the entertainment of the evening .
Great friendly service , Fast seating , Fast Delivery , Excellent sushi .
Great pizza and fantastic service .
Great pizza for lunch place .
Great place to grab a hot bagel on the way to work .
Great romantic place for a date -LRB- try to get the corner booth table for a little privacy and to sit close ! -RRB- .
Great roofdeck , nice group of 30 somethings , but no music , kind of quiet .
Great selection of wine , and seafood .
Great service , great food .
Great spot , whether looking for a couple of drinks or quiet dinner .
Great staff .
Great sushi experience .
Great value for the quality ingredients .
Great vibe , lots of people .
Great wine , great food .
Great wine list , reasonably priced . -- Sara
Great wine selection , Gigondas is worth the price , and the house champagne is a great value .
Grilled whole fish wonderful , great spicing .
Growing up in NY , I have eaten my share of bagels .
Guacamole + shrimp appetizer was really great , we both had the filet , very good , did n't much like the frites that came with , but the filet was so good , neither of us cared .
Guacamole+shrimp appetizer was really great , we both had the filet , very good , did n't much like the frites that came with , but the filet was so good , neither of us cared .
Had 1 appetizer , 2 entrees and 2 cokes and the bill was ~ $ 55.00 , not including tip .
Had a late night dinner on a Saturday night .
Had we been stalling I could understand where they were coming from , but we had been there less than an hour and they had n't even brought us a check yet !
Haru serves very fresh fish , has a trendy , modern ambiance , prime location on Park Avenue South and friendly service .
Has the chef and owner changed ???
Hats off to the chef .
Have always found that the waiters will go out of their way to be helpful , despite the fact they are often busy with lots of diners .
Have frequented ` ino for several years and the food remains excellent .
Have the iced tea .
Having discovered Ping 's on the internet , we entered with qualms but were instantly put to ease by the fish tanks that greet you as u walk in .
Having not been home in the last 2 years may skew this reviewer a bit , but the food was tasty and spicy sans the oil that comes floating along at similar venues .
He has visited Thailand and is quite expert on the cuisine .
He not only makes his own homemade mozzarella , but every pie is ultra fresh .
He offers subpar service and has no personality .
He takes real pride in his food and his business .
He was terribly thirsty after the meal too .
Here 's to the fake fish tanks too ...
Here you get the zen feel without feeling rigid .
Highly recommend this as great value for excellent sushi and service .
Highly recommended is the Spicy Fried Clam Rolls and Spider Rolls .
His drinks are very inventive , delicious and classy .
His wife Tanya , the hostess , completes the comforting atmosphere by being delightfully warm and gracious .
Hopefully next time , I will save room for dessert .
Horrible food and Horrible service .
However , I think this place is a good hang out spot .
However , I was there for a work dinner not long ago when my colleague from London noticed a very large waterbug on the ceiling .
However , go for the ambience , and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world !
However , if you want great food at a great price and do n't mind the decor , you ca n't beat this place .
However , in the summer of 2003 , it seems the management has changed and the great big door has been replaced for a glass front ridding itself of the dark romantic getup .
However , looking at the table next to ours , we both sort of wished we had ordered pizza , which looked PERRRRRRRRRFECT .
However , service was as plain as sesame crusted Salmon I had .
However , their popularity has yet to slow down , and I still find myself drawn to their ambiance and delectable reputation .
However , they 've got the most amazing pastrami and the soups hit the spot .
I 'd call it an ` italian dinner ' .
I 'd highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service .
I 'm happy to have Nosh in the neighborhood and the food is very comforting .
I 'm no food critic , but I 'd like to think I have a tiny bit of experience under my belt having lived in NY for the last 11 years .
I 'm partial to the Gnocchi .
I 'm still mad that i had to pay for lousy food .
I 've been coming here as a child and always come back for the taste .
I 've been here 3 times for lunch and it is one of my favorites in the city .
I 've been to Naples 45 for dinner twice .
I 've been to several places for Dim Sum and this has got to be the WORST .
I 've been to this restaurant more than a dozen times and when I 'm craving for Pho , Lemon grass chicken or Beef Cube on rice , this is the place to go .
I 've dined at Alain Ducasse 's restaurant in Monte Carlo for half the price for the same excellent dining experience .
I 've eaten thai many times , and am very familiar with the cuisine .
I 've had pizza both times and the caprese salad appetizer .
I 've had the chicken with garlic sauce , chicken with black bean sauce , and hunan chicken .
I 've had the lunch buffet at Chennai a couple of times , when I have been in the neighborhood .
I 've had to wait only a few times during lunch but this place is definitely worth the wait .
I 've lived in NYC all my life and had never before seen so many waterbugs in one place -LRB- except in a really bad dream -RRB- .
I 've never had bad service and the fish is fresh and delicious .
I 've overheard comments from him to his employees that should not have been delivered in the dining area and I 've been sitting there while he lectured another customer .
I 've rarely had a problem with slow staff in the 10 years I 've been going .
I 've read some of the previews reviews - people are either not New Yorkers or have more appreciation for ambience then food .
I 've waited over one hour for food .
I LOVE their Thai noodles with shrimp and chicken and coconut juice is the MUST !
I LOVE their spicy scallop roll , and my boyfriend consistently gets the sesame chicken .
I LOVED THE SHOWS .
I REALLY ENJOYED THE SHOWS PUT ON BY THE ACTORS .
I almost hesititate to write a review because the atmosphere was so great and I would hate for it too become to crowded .
I almost wanted to write a bad review , so no one would ever go here and I could have all the dumplings to myself !
I also ordered for delivery and the restaurant forgot half the order .
I also ordered the Change Mojito , which was out of this world .
I also recommend the rice dishes or the different varieties of congee (rice porridge) .
I also recommend the rice dishes or the different varieties of congee -LRB- rice porridge -RRB- .
I always get the Shabu-Shabu dinner and the beef is always fresh .
I am a 100 lb girl , had a glass of wine and a glass of beer prior to the dinner , and I was still HUNGRY after my visit to this place !
I am amazed by the poor reviews - I find this place to be standout Italian in an area flooded with Italian - great prices , great atmosphere , good service and a wonderful wine list .
I am happy i did the food was awsome .
I am not a vegetarian but , almost all the dishes were great .
I am not sure if I would call the food here Indian as it is a fusion of what seems to be French with an Indian or exotic touch .
I am not the most experienced person when it comes to Thai food , but my friend who took me there is .
I am relatively new to the area and tried Pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and I thought the food was overated and on the pricey side .
I am reluctant to write because I would not want my jem of a pizza place to become overcrowded .
I asked for an open faced cheese sandwich and the manager basically told me to take my business elsewhere !
I asked for seltzer with lime , no ice .
I ate clams oreganta and spectacular salad with perfectly marinated cucumbers and tomatoes with lots of shrimp and basil .
I ate here a week ago and found most dishes average at best and too expensive .
I ca n't believe people complain about no cheese sticks ?
I ca n't wait for summer , when they serve outside on their gigantic patio .
I can not imagine a friendlier staff working in a restaurant .
I can not imagine better Indian food in all of the city .
I care more about the food and ambience .
I choose to go with one of the special , the braised lamb shank in red wine , which was excellent .
I come from a family of pizzeria owners , and I 'm almost ashamed to say that the pizza in Fornino 's blows my families receipies away .
I complete the total bagel experience by having it lightly toasted .
I could have drank 4 glasses of water and still been parched - so watch out .
I could n't reccommend their Godmother pizza any higher .
I did n't complain , I liked the atmosphere so much .
I did n't expect to like Nosh as much as I did , but the pastrami on challah sandwich I had was otherworldly , the soups are like Mom 's , and the knishes give Yonah Schimmel 's a run for its money .
I did n't take a look at the rest menu , but the oysters were fantastic .
I do n't know about you guys , but when I go somewhere to eat I go for the food not for the atmosphere .
I do n't know who they think they are but they have no respect for the residents of the neighborhood ever since they opened their cabaret next door and blasts loud music till three in the morning every weekend during the summer .
I do n't like Indian food too much and this was delicious , however you want to factor that into the equation .
I do not recommend lunch specials just because it tasts the same with other regular chinese restaurant .
I do suggest to ask to be seated upstairs if you are looking to be a little cozy .
I fell in love with the egg noodles in the beef broth with shrimp dumplings and slices of BBQ roast pork .
I found it on a cold night , the perfect spot to warm up .
I found the food , service and value exceptional everytime I have been there .
I found the food to be outstanding , particulary the salmon dish I had .
I found the variety of the sashimi plate to be satisfying - fresh and yummy .
I go back in line like three times on average until I ca n't walk anymore .
I got an excellent piece of cheesecake and we had several other nice pastries .
I got the $ 10 10-piece dim sum combo , every bite of which was great .
I grew up eating Dosa and have yet to find a place in NY to satisfy my taste buds .
I grew up on these bagels .
I had Filet Mignon with garlic mash .
I had Lobster Bisque it has 2 oz . of Maine Lobster in it .
I had a huge pastrami sandwich on a roll .
I had a late dinner at Lucky Stike , a great name for a joint if ever I saw one .
I had a terrific meal , and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price rang e , instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that was n't as good .
I had a terrific meal , and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range , instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that was n't as good .
I had been a regular due to the consistently good food and ease of getting a table .
I had never had Edamame pureed before but I thought it was innovative and tasty -LRB- could 've used a bit more salt -RRB- .
I had the Pad Thai and the noodles were sticky .
I had the best ravioli ever .
I had the black cod with yuzu sauce , which was wonderful .
I had the cod with paella -LRB- spicy and very filling , I 'm a big eater and could only eat half -RRB- while my boyfriend had the classic fish and chips -LRB- again , a big serving - at least 5 pieces of fish and a basketful of fries -RRB- .
I had the duck breast special on my last visit and it was incredible .
I had the mango chicken and i ca n't go on to tell you how delicious that was and the presentation was beatiful .
I had the salmon dish and while it was fine , for the price paid , I expected it to have some type of flavor .
I had the tuna tartare with sake , mushroom ravioli with pinot noir , and the chocolate sampler with a dessert wine for $ 49 .
I had their eggs benedict for brunch , which were the worst in my entire life , I tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was .
I had to ask her three times before she finally came back with the dish Ive requested .
I had to share my table with a loud group of kids and the service was rude an unattentive .
I had very high expectations for this place and made a reservation a couple of months in advance for a special occasion .
I have been a longtime fan of Holy Basil in the East Village , and while I do believe their food has slightly slipped in quality , I have been hesitant to be disloyal .
I have been about 4 times and have always had a great meal .
I have been coming here for years and have nothing but good things to say about the service and the great staff at La Lanterna .
I have been here a few times for dinner , once for brunch and twice for lunch .
I have been there many times , and food is good and consistent .
I have been to spice three times - twice during lunch and once at dinner .
I have eaten a lot of pizza here .
I have eaten at Saul , many times , the food is always consistently , outrageously good .
I have eaten there 3-4 times and the food was always good .
I have enjoyed everything I have ever gotten and the fish is so fresh and always prepared in a great way .
I have had so many dinners here and it 's always been perfect - on a date with my husband , with my mom , with girlfriends and larger groups .
I have known about this secret for the last 13 years , Emilio -LRB- the Godfather -RRB- has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices .
I have lived in Japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in Japan .
I have n't eat a lamb chop as delicious as that , the salads are really nice dressed with lemon and extra virgnin olive oil .
I have never been disappointed but their true strength lays in their amazingly delicious and cheap lunch specials .
I have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri .
I have never better enjoyed humble root vegetables or a mushroom consomme - and this chef accomplishes without fats .
I have never had cheescake like this .
I have reservations about the all you can eat deal , however -- the choices are fairly limited and you can probably order more food than you can eat for less than $ 18 by just going off the menu .
I have to say I have never had a disapointing meal here .
I have to say that if this what makes it easier to get a saet a lunch - I dont mind .
I have tried to make reservations , but both times , the hostess did n't have my name .
I highly recommend Cafe St. Bart 's for their food , the ambience and wonderful service .
I highly recommend Caviar Russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service .
I highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks !
I just wonder how you can have such a delicious meal for such little money .
I keep my fingers crossed the whole subway ride hoping that there will be a table I can sit at by myself and not have to share with the rice congee soup people .
I like Cafe Noir dont get me wrong , it is jsut that the people who work there are evil and incompetent !!
I like Mamoun 's food as well , but side by side , Kati Rolls just produce tastier food hands down .
I like the ambience , it 's very dark and original .
I like the somosas , chai , and the chole , but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing .
I liked the beer selection !
I liked the food at this quasi-thai restaurant .
I live in the neighborhood and my friends meet me down here not only for the bar scene but also the promise of The Pizza Place at 3am .
I look forward to eating here again
I love Indian food and consider myself to be quite an expert on it .
I love and I know gourmet food by excellence !
I love the atmorphere @ peep !
I love the fact that the pizza tastes so good and is so cheap .
I love to visit Murrays for my bagel fix .
I love when restaurants think using fancy expensive ingrediants makes the food fine cuisine , even with no idea how to use them .
I loved everythig about it-especially the shows and actors .
I must say it 's a little pricey for the food because it was not as spectacular as the view .
I must say the view of NYC is so beautiful !
I must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small -LRB- especially the appetizers -RRB- , so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef 's special tasting menu , prepare to order and pay for an appetizer -LRB- 1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing -RRB- , a main entree , and the cold udon at the end of the meal .
I need at least three rolls to be full , and that 's at least $ 14.00 !
I noted it was crossed off on the bill .
I only tried a simple dish of spinach ravioli in a light oil and garlic sauce , but it actually faired better than most NYC Italian joints I 've tried similar dishes at .
I ordered a Chicken Teriyaki dish and found that the chicken was extremely dry .
I ordered a Lassi and asked 4 times for it but never got it .
I ordered tamarind duck and my wife ordered noodles with ground beef , and we were both delighted by the way the dishes evoked Thai flavors in unexpected ways .
I ordered the chu chu curry and my friend ordered the pad thai chicken .
I ordered the crab cocktail and it was soaked in a lime juice concoction where all you could taste was the lime .
I ordered the smoked salmon and roe appetizer and it was off flavor .
I particularly love their yellowfun tuna and their mussel selection .
I plan to come here again and look forward to trying their assortment of bruschetta , panini 's ...
I really like both the scallops and the mahi mahi (on saffron risotto - yum ! -RRB- .
I really like both the scallops and the mahi mahi -LRB- on saffron risotto-yum ! -RRB- .
I really liked the noodle dishes at Rice Avenue compared to their Green Curry dish .
I really loved the different and inovated touch that 's the cheff gives to the food .
I really recommend the very simple Unda (Egg) rolls .
I recently went to this restaurant with some co-workers for lunch and had an amazing time .
I recieved prompt service with a smile .
I recommend getting a reservation even though we saw people seated without one .
I recommend the garlic shrimp , okra (bindi) , and anything with lamb .
I recommend the garlic shrimp , okra -LRB- bindi -RRB- , and anything with lamb .
I recommend the jelly fish , drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings , certainly the stir fry blue crab .
I recommend the meatballs and caprese salad and the beans on toast were a wonderful start to the meal !
I recommend their Pad See Ew , Pork Chops or Tofu plates .
I recommend this place to everyone who asks me where to go for a good meal .
I recommend this spot to anyone who enjoys fine cuisine at reasonable prices .
I started out with a Bombay beer which was big enough for two .
I stumbled upon this second floor walk-up two Fridays ago when I was with two friends in town from L.A. Being serious sushi lovers , we sat at the sushi bar to be closer to the action .
I tend to judge a sushi restaurant by its sea urchin , which was heavenly at sushi rose .
I think I 've had some the best meals of my life at minnow .
I think the stuff was better than Disney .
I took my girlfriend there for her birthday last night and we had a relaxing , really good meal .
I understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic , alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods , the tastes , the experiance .
I usually go there later at night when I get off work so I do n't have to deal with crowds or lines .
I was back-to-back with the diner at the table behind me and wait staff had to hoist trays over our heads as they squeezed past us again and again .
I was here a few weeks back and we had the worst customer service experience at a restaurant ever .
I was in love with Pongsri on 48th , but compared to Suan it is slow in service and overpriced .
I was n't there for the Half-Price Saturday Night Special , but Tuesday Night .
I was n't thrilled to have to wait on line for thirty minutes , but I guess that 's the price you pay for a popular place .
I was pretty much full after our fondue appetizer .
I was really disappointed ant wanted to tell everyone not to go eat or even take out food from there .
I was very impressed by this low-key upper eastsider and their authentically thai cuisine !!!
I was with a party of 7 -LRB- close but not next the the front doors -RRB- and we were eating with our coats on .
I went at 6:00 PM specifically for the pre-theater menu -LRB- $ 19.95 for roasted tomato soup with chevre , steak frites , creme brulee -RRB- and it was marvelous .
I went here with a friend on a whim , we went someplace else first and could n't get a table .
I went there for lunch and it was not as good as I expected from the reviews I read .
I went there in late afternoon for some bite size food and refleshment with my date .
I went to DF for Valentines Day dinner .
I went to Del Frisco 's Friday night with my boyfriend for an 8:00 reservation .
I went with 5 friends and we lingered at the table for a bit and did n't feel rushed at all even though there was a wait .
I will recommend Scopa to all of my friends for a place to go for wonderful Italian food .
I wo n't go back unless someone else is footing the bill .
I work near-by , and they have the BEST oatmeal in the neighborhood - not a packaged or quick-cooked item .
I would definitely go back -- if only for some of those exotic martinis on the blackboard .
I would definitely go back for a very special occasion , but not for regular fine dining .
I would definitely recommend SEA if you like thai cuisine !
I would have gotten some cole slaw and a knish if my stomach had more space .
I would highly recommand requesting a table by the window .
I would highly recommend Nina 's to anyone who wants to have a romantic dinner in a heart warming surrounding filled with candles and family pictures .
I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a casual atmosphere that whisks you away to the left bank of the river Seine .
I would highly recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a fine Indian dining experience that is definitely a value for your dollar .
I would like to return and try some of the other menu items when I do n't have to rush off to a show .
I would n't even have complained at all if the food at least tasted good but the quality of food was crappy , too .
I would never wait for a table to eat , it just is not THAT great .
I would not have been so disappointed with the portions if the qualities were good enough to make up for it , but they were not !
I would recommend Roxy 's for that , but not for their food .
I would recommend putting your name down and then getting a drink at a local bar first though because of the wait time .
INCREDIBLY POOR SERVICE AN FOOD QUALITY AT EXORBITANT PRICES .
IT IS WHAT MODERN CUISINE IS ALL ABOUT .
IT is the best deal in town for a Monday night dinner at a fine restaurant .
If I could rate the people this place would be off the charts - unfortunately - the pizza , sorry - not the best in NYC .
If I wanted to deal with a crappy scene and annoying customers I 'd go out in Manhattan .
If anyones has doubt of not knowing enough about wines , please check their wine list .
If it 's just a quick martini at the bar -LRB- which I recommend Jeffery 's -RRB- or a mind blowing Roast Chicken , go to Village !
If it is n't for the food -LRB- A + + + -RRB- , it must be the service or the ambience .
If presentation and service is your thing , then this magic show works .
If the omakase is to showcase technique and variety , serving almost 40 % of items BBQ-ed and a spicy tuna roll wrapped with not-so-fresh nori seems to be a rather limp performance .
If the weather is nice , try to snag an outside table .
If you 'd like to have a nice light meal with an asian accent , Long Tan is a good place on the slope .
If you 're craving for Haru 's great food , especially the House Roll , but ca n't stand the wait building outisde , head across the street to their Sake Bar !
If you 're looking for a great meal at a decent price , go to Del Frisco 's !
If you 're looking for a place to sit down , have a drink and conversations with friends , go to sweet-n-tart and order yourself a hong-kong styled milk and tea with tapioca pearls (hot) .
If you 're looking for a place to sit down , have a drink and conversations with friends , go to sweet-n-tart and order yourself a hong-kong styled milk and tea with tapioca pearls -LRB- hot -RRB- .
If you 're not familiar with the cuisine , you may encounter problems ordering here and be sure to bring plenty of cash with you as they do n't accept credit cards .
If you 've ever been along the river in Weehawken you have an idea of the top of view the chart house has to offer .
If you are in a big group , this place is perfect because it recomends sharing - they have lazy susans on most tables - even families can feel comfortable here .
If you are in search of the most authentic NYC deli experience look no further than the famous and historic Katz 's Deli down on the Lower East Side .
If you are looking for a good quality , cheap eats - this is the place .
If you are someone who appreciates simplicity , elegance , and wonderfully presented and tasting seafood and vegetables regardless of portion size , Kai is your place .
If you are someone who appreciates the same things but hope to have food to spare or share , Kai may not be the best option .
If you can handle that , it 's a great place for a business dinner , fun with friends or simply a table for 2 .
If you do n't mind pre-sliced low quality fish , unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place .
If you go for the pre-theatre menu , it 's an even greater deal .
If you go here - your focus should be the Tamarind Margaritas .
If you go to Roth 's try to be served by Mike , he is GREAT !!
If you have a dumpling fetish i suggest you try some here !
If you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo .
If you like the food and the value you get from some of Chinatown restaurants , this is not the place for you .
If you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you 'll love it here .
If you live in Upper Manhattan , Siam Square is THE place for Thia food .
If you live in new york city , you 'll find better food at small restaurants outside of time square and spend half the amount .
If you love seafood , you would love this place !
If you love wine and cheese and delicious french fare , you 'll love Artisanal !
If you want Americanized Chinese food with your usual watery , generic white sauce , this is your place .
If you want a casual neighborhood bistro that has great food and excellent service , this is the place .
If you want good authentic Thai this place is not the place to go .
If you want some roast duck , pork or chicken on rice with ginger , try them out !
If your favorite Chinese food is General Tao chicken , then this is NOT your place .
If your visiting , you 'll enjoy the ambiance and the fact that it 's in Time Sq. . .
Immediately after we paid , the waiter took the money and said , okay , you guys are outta here .
In addition , the food is very good and the prices are reasonable .
In an area sadly lacking in decent Thai food , this is one of the best spots .
In fact , two people could really share one plate .
In fact , while leaving the place we saw two people looking at the menu , and I could n't help telling them that the food was horrible .
In reality -LRB- to maximize potential diners -RRB- they were still taking phone reservations and reallocating tables of those waiting in the lobby .
In such a crappy part of town to find a good value for lunch , this place is great .
In summer-eat outside on a terrace -LRB- another great feature of Suan -RRB- !!!
In terms of the food itself -- nothing special , we limited ourselves to several appetizers .
Incredible food at a very agreable price brings me back just about every other day to this authentic Thai restaurant .
Indoor was very cozy and cute .
Ingredients are organic which is a real plus for me .
Instead of wasting your time here : SUPPORT RESTAURANTS THAT CARE ABOUT FOOD .
Interesting other dishes for a change include chicken in curry sauc e and salmon caserole .
Interesting other dishes for a change include chicken in curry sauce and salmon caserole .
Interesting selection , good wines , service fine , fun decor .
It 's a great place to pick up a cheap lunch or dinner .
It 's a nice place to relax and have conversation .
It 's a place for people who pay a lot for mediocre food , noise and a chance to be with their fellow bridge and tunnel folks .
It 's a shame that a nice , convenient place like the Pink Pony can be so ruined by lousy service .
It 's all about the food !!
It 's also attached to Angel 's Share , which is a cool , more romantic bar ...
It 's charmingly small and that leads to an atmoshere that is extremely cozy and romantic , even .
It 's constantly open , catering to the Pakistani cabbies lined up on Crosby St. , so there 's more turnover with the food than you 'd expect -LRB- i.e. , surprisingly fresh -RRB- .
It 's easy to get a table for a large group and you do n't get hustled out .
It 's great to go for a quick lunch either alone or with a friend .
It 's just O.K. pizza .
It 's like they took leftover chicken , poured oil and sprinkled pepper powder over it -LRB- the sauce was translucent and red -RRB- .
It 's not mind-blowing , but to me , thai food never is and never will be .
It 's really also the service , is good and the waiters are friendly .
It 's simply the best meal in NYC .
It 's super-trendy and there 's always someone to take that empty seat , so it seems that customer service has been deemed not of the essence .
It 's the perfect restaurant for NY life style , it got cool design , awsome drinks and food and lot 's of good looking people eating and hanging at the pink bar ...
It appears to be the owner 's first venture and it shows .
It can be a little confusing as to where one goes to order , but once the food is ordered , you are in for a treat .
It can not be the ambience , because the place is very cramped and some guests have to sit in an aisle .
It costs $ 2 extra to turn a regular roll into an inside-out roll , but the roll more than triples in size , and that 's not just from the rice .
It is a lot of fun with live entertainment and all kinds of Disney type special effects .
It is about FOOD and Ambiance , and imagine how dreadful it will be it we only had to listen to an idle engine .
It is also extremely well priced .
It is far more popular as a bar than as a restaurant , with only a few tables and the waiter being the bartender , but we greatly enjoyed the unobtrusive atmosphere .
It is kinda nosiy and the tables are close together but it 's still a beautiful place to enjoy a nice dinner .
It is nearly impossible to get a table , so if you ever have the chance to go here for dinner , DO NOT pass it up .
It is obvious that no one in the restaurant has any idea about or experience with Japanese cuisin e.
It is run by the same Sichuan chef who started the chain in Chinatown .
It is set far from the small street it 's on , and there is no traffic noise .
It is so easy to get a reservation at a top place in NYC with a week 's notice .
It is the type of place to run into old friends and have a late , raucus dinner .
It looked like shredded cheese partly done - still in strips .
It may be a bit packed on weekends , but the vibe is good and it is the best French food you will find in the area .
It might have been a little too spicy for my friend , which you can couteract with eat more rice and keeping water on hand .
It only took about five or so minutes to get an empty table , but standing up was n't too bad .
It saves walking in and waiting for a table in the often noisy , crowded bar at dinnertime .
It takes forever to get a drink and they almost always forget to bring something -LRB- although they dont forget to charge you for it .
It took half an hour to get our check , which was perfect since we could sit , have drinks and talk !
It took them 15 minutes to put water in our glasses .
It took them 25 minutes to bring our appetizer .
It was like the servers forgot that they actually worked there and instead wanted to hang out and be cool .
It was nice and fresh , but I ca n't give it high scores on being authentic thai .
It was not above ordinary and the beef version had cheap -LRB- undercooked -RRB- beef .
It was so bad I actually refused to pay for my food .
It wo n't break the bank but I also wouldnt come back for the food .
Its a go-to for dates as well as entertaining out of town guests .
Its a great place for a casual date or to entertain clients for lunch .
Its a nice quiet location to go eat a good meal , relax , be able to talk and have a very good time .
Its an excellent place to relax and the food is one of the best in the city of New York .
Its location is good and the fact that Hutner College is near and their prices are very reasonable , makes students go back to Suan again and again .
Its not curry in a slurry crap , and regular run of the mill food .
Ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away .
Ive been here a bunch of times now and the service is always outstanding .
Ive been here so many times the waiters know my name .
Ive been to many Thai restaurants in Manhattan before , and Toons is by far the best Thai food Ive had -LRB- except for my mom 's of course -RRB- .
Jimmy 's is hands down the hottest night spot in the Bronx .
Joe 's Pizza used to have the best slice until this pizzeria opened up .
Joya used to be a cool spot with decent food and a colorful - if not relaxed - atmosphere .
Just because it 's cheap does NOT mean the portions are small or the food is nasty , IT IS GREAT !
Just bring someone who speaks Cantonese because waiter may not understand you .
Just do n't take the seat between the bar and the back half of the restaurant , i saw a woman get nudged 40times sitting there .
Just stick with the small dishes !
Just straight up cheap , good food .
Kenny the owner is always there and he treats my family like we are part of his family .
Killer Sushi !
Kind , attentive wait staff .
Kind of a small place but I guess if they are not too busy might be able to fit a group or kids .
Knowledge of the chef and the waitress are below average .
Kosher dills are the perfect compliment for your unforgetable sandwich and they give you plenty of them .
LOVE the atmosphere - felt like I was in Paris .
Lahore is a great place to duck into late-night when you need some really tasty food on the cheap -- you 'll likely have trouble finishing the amount of food you get for FOUR DOLLARS .
Largest and freshest pieces of sushi , and delicious !
Last memorial day , I tried to make reservations but was told they were closed that weekend -LRB- interesting , but ... -RRB- .
Last time I went here , the waitress did n't come back after taking our order .
Late nite omelletes are not good here , there is no variety !
Le Pere Pinard has a $ 15 pre-theater menu that is outstanding .
Leon is an East Village gem : casual but hip , with well prepared basic French bistro fare , good specials , a warm and lively atmosphere .
Light , refreshing summer rolls -LRB- not fried -RRB- remind me of Vietnamese places in Paris .
Little Tonino 's is just awesome , our favorite delivery place in Kennsington , honestly the best Gnochi I have ever had !
Lived in Shanghai most of my life and thought the food was comparable to the flagship Green Bo restaurant there .
Located at the end of a magnificent block .
Looking around , I saw a room full of New Yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant , not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen .
Love the Jazz bands on Fri and Sat .
Luckily we saved room for the BBQ Salmon , Sea Bass and Crispy Duck .
Lucky Strike is a great casual place to just grab a bite to eat .
Lunch came with pickels and slaw , no extra charge .
Made my dining experience uncomfortable .
Make reservations but expect to be delayed 15-20 minutes as the hosting staff was having difficulty seating guests who arrived with a reservation because they probably had a lot of walk ins being so close to Time Square .
Make sure you have the Spicy Scallop roll . . .
May , the owner always has a smile on her and will warmly greet you .
Meanwhile , the bartender continued to pour champagne from his reserve after we had finished our bottle and we enjoyed an amuse of turnip soup with pureed basil , gratis .
Meat dishes now adorn the selections , although there 's still a large number of vegetarian-friendly choices .
Mermaid Inn is an overall good restaurant with really good seafood .
Metrazur has a beautiful spot overlooking the main terminal .
Mine was a little burnt but still delicious with goat cheese and panchetta -LRB- raddichio was kind of bitter though -RRB- .
Mizu is home to creative and unique rolls not to found anywhere else .
Moderate prices .
Monday nights are a bargain at the $ 28 prix fix - this includes a three course meal plus * three * glasses of wine paired with each course .
More important , the sushi rivals the best in Tokyo .
Most importantly , food is excellent .
Most of the servers are very attentive , friendly and quite attractive .
Moules were excellent , lobster ravioli was VERY salty !
Much more reasonably priced too !
My GF and I still choose to eat there a lot because of diverse cocktails , the chill decor , and the decent sushi .
My boyfriend and I recently had an early dinner at Artisanal and was satisfied with our experience .
My boyfriend ate tuna and it was cooked perfectly !
My boyfriend had the New England Chowder it was good but I think the award should go to the Lobster Bisque .
My chow fun and chow see was really bland and oily .
My co-workers had to wait almost an hour for delivery , only to discover that what they got was not what they ordered .
My entree of hot pot with seafood was full of imitation crabmeat with a couple pieces of shrimp and squid , and was unnecessarily heated with a burner .
My family and I ate here last night for our annual Christmas dinner with the family members who would rather spend the holidays with friends out-of-town .
My fiance took me to Scopa last week for my birthday and I could n't believe the food .
My first time there I happened not to like the Crab Croquette apt that i ordered and they were happy to change it for me without making no big deal .
My fish was delicious in an incredible curry sauce .
My friend 's food was also the complete opposite of what it 's supposed to taste like -LRB- aND look like -RRB- .
My friend got the mushroom pizza which tasted better .
My friend ordered some of their special sushi rolls which had excellent presentation and tasted great !
My friends and I experienced amazing cheese and a delicious , new summer menu at Artisanal last night .
My goodness , everything from the fish to the rice to the seaweed was absolutely amazing .
My host asked for appetizers for the group and the waiter gave us not only what we ordered , but some other items that were not ordered .
My husband and I both ordered the Steak , medium .
My husband and I enjoy Sangria .
My husband and I enjoyed each of the 6 taste size portions and left completely full .
My husband and I have been there a couple of times and each time we sat at the sushi bar -LRB- chef Yoshi -RRB- and ordered everything ala carte .
My husband had the mesclun , salmon , and ice cream and he enjoyed all 3 courses .
My husband said he could 've eaten several more , the portion was fine for me he even exclaimed that the french fries were the best he has had .
My husband said the portions were very small , but if my main cours e was good to eat the portion would 've been fine for me .
My husband said the portions were very small , but if my main course was good to eat the portion would 've been fine for me .
My son and his girlfriend both wanted cheeseburgers and they were huge !
My steak au poivre was one of the worst I 've had .
My suggestion is to eat family style because you 'll want to try the other dishes .
My turkey burger was not cooked at all , my friends salmon was completely raw .
My wife and I also enjoyed the spinach , the Shanghai low mein , and other attractions .
My wife and I ate here earlier this week and have not stopped ranting and raving about the food .
My wife and I went to Orsay for Valentine 's dinner .
My wife and I will usually only order one primi and one secondi and split them , as they tend to offer large portions .
My wife had the fried shrimp which are huge and loved it .
NO more reservations , expensive tips and annoying stuff .
Never in my life did I think that I could be satisfied both in taste and in quantity for $ 3.00 in NYC .
Nevertheless the food itself is pretty good .
Next time , we would n't dare ordering anything else other than some simple Asian appetizers and drinks .
Nha Trang , while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor , horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals , is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i 've ever been to . the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables .
Nice ambiance , nice little bar , good bartender , Francois , and good service .
Nice atmosphere , the service was very pleasant and the desert was good .
Nice restaurant overall , with classic upscale Italian decor .
Nicky the Nose at the bar is a treat .
No dress codes , no attitudes , plenty of comfort companionship , a great place to relax in an always busy Midtown .
No food snobs allowed , this place is for people who appreciate good food .
No free drink .
No gimmicks here -- the food speaks for itself in its freshness and preparation .
No one asked what was wrong as we left with nothing touched on our plates .
No refills on fountain drinks , though .
No you 're going to go back because the food was good .
Normally that would be improper , however they were all delicious and my host did not complain .
Not a small feat for good french food in the area .
Not a typical pizza joint , but good for a low key and fairly cheap nice sit down dinner .
Not enough wines by the glass either .
Not impressed with the food .
Not only is the cuisine the best around , the service has always been attentive and charming .
Not only was the food outstanding , but the little ' perks ' were great .
Not only was the food outstanding , but the little ` perks ' were great .
Not sure where the previous reviewer , lonk , dined , but Saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food !
Not the greatest sushi place , but excellent for a $ 19.95 all you can eat .
Not too crazy about their sake martini .
Not worth the prices .
Note that they do not serve beer , you must bring your own .
Nothing better than buying a snapple for $ 3.25 too .
Nothing fancy but really good food with pretty reasonable price .
Obv caviar is top of the line but the rest of the menu is so diverse it gives you a chance to taste so manydifferent varietys .
Odd for Ave B , not just odd , The place attracts an eclectic crowd to say the least .
Of course the reason its so packed is because the food is so delicious !
Of course this atmosphere is lacking , but what do you expect from a 24 hour bagel place anyways ?
Oh , and the complimentary pudding dessert was just enough - yummy !
Oh , but wait , we were out of drinks -LRB- which were also delightfully overpriced -RRB- .
Oh , do n't even let me start with how expensive the bills were !
Oh yes , and if you are a fan of Indian oldies film stars , there are plenty of portraits of Indian actors and actresses in classic black white that adorn the walls , some of which , I would love to know where they obtained .
Oh yes , and they lie on the phone , claiming they have seating in the garden , then of course the seats are not available .
Ok , so the servers wander around a little clueless , but there 's more than enough servers for the crowd they get -- it 's fine , you just have to make a small effort to get their attention .
Okay service .
On a hot day it was fabulous to stop in and enjoy lunch .
On the other hand , if you are not fooled easily , you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse , and food that will outshine in presentaion , taste , choice , quality and quantity .
Once for dinner and once for brunch .
Once they ran out of Gnochi and made it for me from scratch !
One of my favorites though was the Angry Lobster , a cold lobster salad that was magnificent .
One of the earlier people commenting on the restaurant did not get the that some experimenting is going on with the menu in a positive way .
One of us actually liked the expresso - that 's it .
One should not go to Lucky Strike for the food .
One thing I liked about this place is that I never felt rushed or pressured to give up my table ot incoming guests .
One would think we 'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead , we got a snobby waiter would n't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so .
Only complaint would be that at an average cost of $ 12 - $ 15 per meal , I 'd like not to have to worry about finding a seat !
Only drawback - they wo n't toast your bagel , and they do n't make eggs for the bagel .
Only wine and beer are served , but the house varities are actually quite good .
Order the panang duck , it 's fantastic .
Orsay , is a very pleasnt throw back to traditional French food , and French service as well .
Orsay , is without a doubt one of the best values for authentic French food in NYC .
Other apetizers and food
Other guests enjoyed pizza , santa fe chopped salad and fish and chips .
Other than being a little crowded and a bit overpriced , the atmosphere is filled with energy -LRB- and the beautiful people of course -RRB- and the food was surprising good !
Other than the crappy service from two individuals , it 's great .
Otherwise , this place has great service and prices and a nice friendly atmosphere .
Our agreed favorite is the orrechiete with sausage and chicken -LRB- usually the waiters are kind enough to split the dish in half so you get to sample both meats -RRB- .
Our family never expected such incredible entertainment in a restaurant .
Our favorite meal is a pesto pizza , the house salad , and a good bottle of wine .
Our first time in New York and we had to try a New York Bagel .
Our food was great too !
Our friendly server made great food suggestions and also sent both the sommelier and the fromager to the table to help suggest different pairings for wine and cheese .
Our server checked on us maybe twice during the entire meal .
Our server was very helpful and friendly .
Our son loves pizza and we have a certified Neapolitan pizzaria in our home city -LRB- Seattle -RRB- , we liked this nearly as much - and the differences were more about personal preference than any reflection on either restaurant .
Our tiny table for two -LRB- dinner plates hung over edge -RRB- was right in the middle of one of the lanes of waiter traffic .
Our waiter and all of the people helping him were attentive and genuine .
Our waiter was fine , the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way , but at those prices , a little more should be expected of your food .
Our waitress was sweet and accomodating , not overbearing .
Outstanding Bagels , but you get what you pay for .
Over price , and small portions .
Over the years , it has always provided a pleasurable dining experience with quality food and wine .
Over the years the host , Vittorio , and his crew , have always treated me as family -- although with all the business this not-so-little gem does , it amazing he 's even able to remember a consistent but not-so-frequent visitor .
Over time , the food quality has decreased substantially , it is a lot less crowded than it used to , and the service must definitely be part of the reason .
Overall , I 'm still impressed that the place even exists and the prices are quite decent but then again , its Chinatown .
Overall , not worth the money .
Overall , the best bagel in town .
Overall , the ingredients and technique are there and I am encouraged enough to return at lunch or dinner to see whether the boldness of the flavour palette improves .
Overall A oh ya even though there is waiting it is deff worth it
Overall I was impressed and will return , it 's a great QPR -LRB- Quality to Price Ratio -RRB- .
Overall a disappointing experience for that price category .
Overall the restaurant is more expensive than our other sushi favorites , but everything was delicious .
Owner must have coem on this website to give himself credit .
Pair you food with the excellent beers on tap or their well priced wine list .
Pastrami or corned beef are juicy and piled high -LRB- ask for extra rye bread -RRB- .
Patroon features a nice cigar bar and has great staff .
People are always friendly .
Perhaps this food is considered extreme to an Upper East Side resident , but for the rest of us who 've actually eaten ethnic food , this is simply dull .
Personal pans are the perfect size for those hungry nights .
Pick a bagel has the best bagels in the city .
Pizza - the only pizza in NYC that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best , freshly baked bread !
Pizza and garlic knots are great as well , I order from them quite often and the delivery is always super quick !
Pizza here is consistently good .
Pizza is terrific , as is homemade pasta .
Pizza was a little soggy .
Plain and simple it 's bad thai food .
Planet Thailand has always been a hit with me , I go there usually for the sushi , which is great , the thai food is excellent too .
Please if your thinking about it go , and stay the wait you wo n't be disappointed .
Please try the Filet Mignon , its just the most tender piece ever .
Plus , on Wednesday nights the house wine is unlimited !
Plus , when our entrees were held up in the kitchen on a busy Saturday night , the owner sent over complimentary summer rolls to hold us over !
Plus they made a perfect martini .
Price and quality of fish alone will keep us from making a return visit .
Price no more than a Jersey deli but way better .
Priced at upper intermediate range .
Prices are higher to dine in and their chicken tikka marsala is quite good .
Prices are in line .
Prices are very good .
Prices too high for this cramped and unappealing resturant .
Probably much busier for lunch , it 's seldom crowded for dinner -LRB- too close to downtown -RRB- .
Quality ingredients preparation all around , and a very fair price for NYC .
Quality of food is excellent and price is cheap , stick to pork , fish , chicken , lamb and vegetables .
Quick and friendly service .
Quite frankly , this is some of the worst sushi I have ever tried .
Raga stands out with an interesting fusion of French and Indian cooking .
Rao 's has the best service and atmosphere in NYC .
Really cool stauff inside .
Really tasty spring rolls and noodles for a good price though .
Really though , where 's the seasoning ?
Reasonable prices .
Regardless of whether there are two people or two hundred people ahead of you the hostess will take your name and tell you Five minutes .
Restaurant snobs need not bother , this is a small , neighborhood kind of place .
Right off the L in Brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza .
Right off the major deegan you get ladies from all over the city .
Sake collection was excellent -LRB- Try Nanbu Bijin -RRB- , but pricy .
Salads are a delicious way to begin the meal .
Salads were fantastic .
Same owner as the guy who owns Typhoon , which is just down the street on St. Marks and 1st Ave.
Saturday , Nov. 6th I had a group from work come in with about 35 people and the staff was amazing to accomodate us .
Sauce was watery and the food did n't have much flavor .
Saul is pretty good , but definitely not great .
Save your money and do n't waste your calories , go to Margharita 's on Washington Street instead , they have amazing food and the BEST service .
Scalina Fedeli reminded me why service is so integral to fine dining .
Seating is ok even though sometimes there 's alot of people .
Seriously , this is the best all you can eat in town - As everyone says , the Spicy Tuna hand rolls are the best - have 4 of these , and you 've broken even .
Service - friendly and attentive .
Service and food is what any one would expect when spending that type of money .
Service could be improved but overall this is a place that understands the importance of little things -LRB- the heavy , black , antique-seeming teapot , for one -RRB- in the restaurant experience .
Service has always been friendly and efficient .
Service here was great , food was fantastic .
Service is average .
Service is extraordinary , yet not overbearing , and the decor brings a taste of trendy SoHo into Queens .
Service is fast and friendly .
Service is friendly , prices are good - delivery time was a little slow , but for the way this pizza tastes , I 'm willing to overlook it .
Service is great , takeout is good too .
Service is highly refined : our seating was delayed 35 minutes past our reservation and the maitre d' apologized and regularly kept us apprised of progress .
Service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category .
Service is top notch .
Service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great .
Service was also very good .
Service was decent , but not as smooth as I would expect from a place with these prices and reputation .
Service was devine , oysters where a sensual as they come , and the price ca n't be beat !!!
Service was excellent , and the AC worked very well too -LRB- thank God , it was hot ! -RRB- .
Service was good and food is wonderful .
Service was prompt , friendly and great .
Service was prompt and courteous .
Service was quick .
Service was slow , but the people were friendly .
Service was slow had to wait to order and get food although not crowded .
Service was very friendly .
Service was very good - prompt , attentive and non-intrusive .
Service was very good and warm .
Service was warm and attentive , beef carpaachio was exellent -LRB- huge portion -RRB- and pasta was fresh and well-prepared .
Several of the dim sum orders had about 6-8 pieces .
She gets 10 for her excellent service and advice .
Shockingly easy to throw a group dinner here : simple contract , deposit only to hold the date the entire 2nd fl mezz for our grp of 20 .
Should you happen to be impressed by the cuisine definitely try it .
Similar to other Indian restaurants , they use the dinner special to attract customers at the door .
Simple comfort food and what hot and lage portions .
Since it literally is a complete hole in the wall , it 's a bit intimidating at first , but you get over that very quickly as soon as the friendly staff welcomes you - do n't hesitate to ask for help with what to get .
Since my first dinner I have had the chance to have brunch at Orsay 3x .
Slightly above average wines start at $ 70 + with only one selection listed at $ 30 + .
Small servings for main entree , i had salmon -LRB- wasnt impressed -RRB- girlfriend had chicken , it was good .
So , a little inconsistency there but either way , both pizzas were really good .
So , for good food i 'd recommend it , but not for a fun night out .
So , the menu is written in chalk above your head and it all sounds delicious .
So I 've never actually been to M proper , but I 've had it delivered a few times .
So all I 'm trying to say is this restaurant is by far the best thai food restaurant I 've ever been to .
So if you want a nice , enjoyable meal at Montparnasse , go early for the pre-theater prix-fixe .
So much more than the usual bar food , go there to enjoy the menu while sampling one of their hand-crafted beers .
So some of the reviews here are accurate about the crowd and noise .
Solid wine list , knowledgeable staff , friendly owners and an adventurous , ever-changing menu keep us coming back .
Some baby pizzas get their wish .
Some of the workers ignore me and talk to the female customers , other times , they 've skipped my order .
Some servers make you feel like they are doing you a favor to bring you the food .
Someone else recommended the dessert - we also left that .
Southern Indian cuisine is still there , too .
Spice is great Thai food , love the inexpensive appetizers .
Spice is sleek , modern and cool with a menu that will not hurt your wallet .
Spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey .
Staff is very accomodating .
Staffs are not that friendly , but the taste covers all .
Stay away from the two specialty rolls on the menu , though - too much avocado and rice will fill you up right quick .
Stick to dimsum , not super overpriced noodles .
Stick to the gulab jamun .
Still , any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liquers which were courtesey of the house ...
Still , try it once , since if you end up loving the food , it could be one of your best dining experiences .
Stuffing yourself with Japanese food is a rare thing .
Succulent steaks cooked precisely to your desired ` doneness ' accompanied by salads and sides that do n't look like leafy road kill .
Such nice people working here - but I have to review the food .
Super friendly and knowledgable staff , fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz -LRB- the chilaquiles were awesome !
Sure , the setting is nice .
Sushi was n't anything spectacular for the price .
THE BIG COMPLAINT : NO TOASTING AVAILABLE .
THE FOOD PORTIONS ARE REALLY LARGE .
THR AT MOSHPHERE IS COMPACT , MODERN , YET COZY .
THe Pizza and wine were excellent-the service too -- but what really MADE this place was the backyard dining area .
THe back garden sitting area is very pleasant , where you can see their personal herb garden .
Taj Mahal offeres gret value and great food .
Tasty steak , pork loin , the works .
Taxan delicious !
Tell them Herky sent you and get a free confused look from the waiter .
Terrible , terrible management - deserves to be shut-down .
Terrific menu full of unique rolls and special dishes .
Thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you , but the food does n't quite match up .
That is a problem since we paid about 20 bucks a dish , and had to order 5 dishes to get a decent taste .
The $ 300 bill was a bit steep , but the experience was great .
The ' kamasutra ' and ` bombay cosmopolitan ' are excellent and will have you tipsy in no time .
The Bagels have an outstanding taste with a terrific texture , both chewy yet not gummy .
The Dim Sum was so-so , but not spectacular .
The Halibut was too salty , dessert was so so -LRB- do n't waste any of your calories -RRB- and service was poor .
The Italian food has flavor -LRB- that can be sort of surprising on the UES -RRB- , and the service turns from a nightmare to attentive , they sort of remind me of the NY Yankees of the late 90 's , no matter how bad it look , you knew that there was a rally just around the corner ...
The Pad Thai is excellent here , as well .
The Pad thai , lad nar and various other dishes all look good on paper but , I 've had better thai food in less asthetically pleasing places .
The Pastrami sandwich was like buttah and with pickles and an icy cold beer to wash it down , it was a pleasurable experience .
The Prix Fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough -LRB- both in quantity AND quality -RRB- .
The Singapore Mai Fun had NO curry flavor whatsoever .
The Steak Tartare is a great bet , they fix it for you at the table .
The Thai food is good .
The Thai ice tea was amazingly smooth and yummy !
The Thali was small , thoroughly unremarkable , and $ 14.95 .
The Waitstaff were very nice and suggested swordfish for my husband he enjoyed his meal .
The Yellowtail was particularly good as well .
The ` kamasutra ' and ' bombay cosmopolitan ' are excellent and will have you tipsy in no time .
The aesthetics of this place are like an airport lounge .
The all you can eat deal is truly amazing here .
The all-Italian staff is warm and engaging from the start .
The ambiance is minimal the food is not phenomenal , but some dishes are quite good , such as the eggplant parmesan , veal in carozza chicken saltimbocca .
The ambience is authentic and relaxing and we have always received attentive and prompt service .
The ambience is pretty and nice for conversation , so a casual lunch here would probably be best .
The ambience is very calm and quiet .
The ambience is very romantic and definitely a good place to bring a date .
The ambience was nice , but service was n't so great .
The ambience was so fun , and the prices were great , on top of the fact that the food was really tasty .
The anti-pasta was excellent , especially the calamari , as were the filling pasta mains .
The appetizers are just OK and the main courses were decidedly subpar .
The appetizing is excellent - just as good as Zabars Barney Greengrass at a reasonable price -LRB- if bought by the pound -RRB- .
The atmosphere is great !!!
The atmosphere is great if your looking for a laid back scene and an inexpensive way to spend a weekend afternoon .
The atmosphere is much better than Sripraphai -LRB- more modern and sleek -RRB- .
The atmosphere is n't the greatest , but I suppose that 's how they keep the prices down .
The atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can .
The atmosphere is nothing special , but it feels like a Sushi establishment in Tokyo .
The atmosphere is unheralded , the service impecible , and the food magnificant .
The atmosphere was crowded but it was a great bistro-type vibe .
The bagel was huge .
The bagels always warm , soft on the inside , crispy on the outside and enormous in size .
The bagels are also reasonably priced for NYC .
The bagels are fabulous .
The banana tower is an amazing dessert as well .
The bar has various selections and the mixed drink special is a catcher ! 2 for 1 's .
The bar is very well stocked with interesting beers and well priced wines .
The barebecued salmon is elegantly spiced and not at all dry .
The bartender on my most recent visit was so incredibly rude that I will never go back .
The best Chicken pad tai , I 've ever had .
The best burger I have had in the Village .
The best pad thai i 've ever had .
The best part of the experience was knowing that the manager -LRB- a bubbly , friendly young woman with a great smile -RRB- truly cared about how we were doing .
The best thing I tasted were the lambchops .
The beverages were excellent , and the dessert was good .
The bill is approximately $ 25 for 2 at lunch without drinks .
The blond wood decor is very soothing , the premium sake is excellent and the service is great .
The bread and lamb chops I had before the meal were quite good , however .
The bread is the soft paratha bread -LRB- unlike the plain bread they use in Calcutta -RRB- , and the stuffing is tandoori styled and very flavorful .
The brioche and lollies as party favors is a cute and sweet touch to a most memorable meal .
The bruscetta is a bit soggy , but the salads were fresh , included a nice mix of greens -LRB- not iceberg -RRB- all dishes are served piping hot from the kitchen .
The bruschetta and panini 's are so yummy !
The buffet had a nice selection .
The burger was great , also .
The cafe itself was really nice with comfortable outdoor chairs and tables , but the service could have been better .
The calamari comes with an incredible sauce , and the duck noodles are yummy as well .
The ceiling is amazing !
The chicken and steak were seasoned and cooked to perfection , and the lamb sandwhich is great for heartier appetites .
The chicken parm was edible but had canned tomato sauce and boxed pasta and the chicken with portobello mushrooms consisted of dry , inedible chicken with terrible sauce .
The chicken pot pie is excpetiona , the cheeseburger huge and delictable , and the service professional wan warm .
The cold appetizer dishes taste like the way I remember them to taste when I was growing up in Taiwan .
The combination of fresh tomato sauce , fresh mozz cheese , basil and the dough they make with imported flour , makes this is one of the better pizza 's in NY .
The corned beef and pastrami are excellent , much less fatty than those big tourist places around Times Square .
The corned beef was tender and melted in my mouth .
The counter service is bad .
The crackling calamari salad , which is usually a cheap disaster at many restaurants , is crispy and lightly dressed .
The cream cheeses are out of this world and I love that coffee !!
The crispy chicken was n't for us , though .
The crust is thin , the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly .
The cuisine from what I 've gathered is authentic Taiwanese , though its very different from what I 've been accustomed to in Taipei .
The decor in this place is very diner-ish and the kind of place you expect in the East Village - not romantic , just simple , small and sparse .
The decor is dark , cool and soothing , while the food 's presentation is spectacular , considering the low prices .
The decor is dark , cool and soothing , while the food's presentation is spectacular , considering the low prices .
The decor is really blah , and not at all hip or happening .
The decor is vibrant and eye-pleasing with several semi-private boths on the right side of the dining hall , which are great for a date .
The design and atmosphere is just as good .
The desserts are more appealing then stuffy overpriced French restaurants .
The dim sum here is only so-so .
The dim sum however was very good .
The dim sum is delectable while the prices are quite easy on the wallet .
The dim sum is ok but does n't taste that fresh , and the little dishes do n't look steamy hot as they should -LRB- also note lack of Chinese here -RRB- .
The dim sum servings here are a bit larger than I 'm used to .
The dining room is quietly elegant with no music to shout over -- how refreshing !
The dinner menu is diverse and top-notch as well .
The dinner was ok , nothing I would have again .
The dish had like 6 pieces of beef in it .
The dishes offered were unique , very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages , sardines with biscuits , large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream -LRB- the best and freshest I 've ever had -RRB- .
The dosas are skimpy , unattractive and drip with grease , and personally I 'd drink popcorn topping before I 'd eat another one of these .
The drinks are a saving grace , but service staff , please , get over yourselves .
The drinks are always welll made and wine selection is fairly priced .
The duck confit is always amazing and the foie gras terrine with figs was out of this world .
The eggplant parmesan is also great , and my friend who grew up in Manhattan claims that no one serves a better baked ziti with meatsauce .
The entertainment was great they have shows that go on through out the dinner .
The entire dining experience was wonderful !
The entire place and the treatment we received felt as a conveyor belt .
The entree was bland and small , dessert was not inspired .
The environment is romantic , but the food is horrible , the service is pathetic , and gabriella lies about everything she could .
The establishment scores big points in presentation and style .
The exotic food is beautifully presented and is a delight in delicious combinations .
The filet mignon dish was superb !
The fillings may be unconventional but the dosa batter is definitely authentic and the combinations very tasty .
The first 2 courses were very good , but the chocolate sampler was too rich for me and the dessert wine far too sweet .
The first time I went , and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere , I ordered the Lobster Cobb Salad .
The fish is fresh and each piece is sliced to perfection and seasoned by the sushi chef -LRB- usually with a little fresh wasabi and soy sauce but also sometimes with some sea salt -RRB- .
The fish is fresh but the variety of fish is nothing out of ordinary .
The fish was not fresh and the rice tasted old and stale .
The flavors are great , and the menu is extensive .
The flavors are very fresh and pretty inobtrusive , nothing flashy .
The flavors robust and subtle .
The food 's as good as ever .
The food 's dazzling flavors overwhelm the palate , truly embracing the beauty of authentic Thai cuisine .
The food , drinks and service are clearly among the best in the city .
The food , served in small tasting portions -LRB- as an option -RRB- is very good with each dish being better than the next .
The food always tastes fresh and served promptly .
The food and staff always surprise me with the new heights they are taken to .
The food arrived 20 minutes after I called , cold and soggy .
The food at this place is 'gourmet' Indian cuisine .
The food at this place is ` gourmet ' Indian cuisine .
The food came out wrong , the waiter was no where to be found and the wine showed up at the end of the meal .
The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you do n't like .
The food has been consistant for years and it never lets you down .
The food here does a great service to the name -LRB- Cantonese that is ... -RRB- .
The food here is rather good , but only if you like to wait for it .
The food however , is what one might expect .
The food inludes famous scrumptious bombay style chaat such as bhelpuri , sevpuri and samosa chaats , as well as other great indian appetizers .
The food is a diamond in rough -- the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes .
The food is above average for midtown and sligtly better than some of the other Heartland Breweries in the city .
The food is alright - some stuff is good - some is not -LRB- like the steak dish which tends to be dry -RRB- .
The food is amazing !!!!
The food is amazing , rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza .
The food is authentic Italian - delicious !
The food is awesome - definitely try the striped bass .
The food is consistently wonderful - I 've been coming here for years , and the owner has always been accomodating and friendly .
The food is decent at best , and the ambience , well , it 's a matter of opinion , some may consider it to be a sweet thing , I thought it was just annoying .
The food is definitely good , but I left a bit disappointed .
The food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu-fare , the dishes are never a disappointment .
The food is delicious .
The food is delicious and beautifully prepared along with the friendly and personable service .
The food is fresh , delicious , and reasonably priced .
The food is good , I ca n't lie .
The food is good , especially their more basic dishes , and the drinks are delicious .
The food is great , service is ok .
The food is great .
The food is great and authentic .
The food is great and reasonably priced .
The food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices .
The food is inventive but still keeps traditional indian flavoring .
The food is mostly made from scratch , fresh and well prepared .
The food is nothing like its menu description .
The food is o.k. , but not any better than what you get at a good neighborhood restaurant .
The food is okay and the prices here are mediocre .
The food is outstanding and the service is quick , friendly and very professional .
The food is prepared quickly and efficiently .
The food is reliable and the price is moderate .
The food is so cheap and the waiters are nice .
The food is spectacular , from the appitizers to the main course , and then of course the desserts , -LRB- WOW -RRB- you 'll need no more .
The food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate .
The food is terrible and overall , I would have to say avoid at all costs .
The food is uniformly exceptional , with a very capable kitchen which will proudly whip up whatever you feel like eating , whether it 's on the menu or not .
The food is usually good but it certainly is n't a relaxing place to go .
The food is very good for it 's price , better than most fried dumplings I 've had .
The food is very good too but for the most part , it 's just regular food , nothing special .
The food is wonderful , tasty and filling , and the service is professional and friendly .
The food is yummy , especially their cooked-to-perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy fries .
The food itself was just ok - nothing spectacular - but the service was awful .
The food looked very appetizing and delicious since it came on a variety of fancy plates .
The food now is inconsistent .
The food options rule .
The food there are sastifying .
The food there is so good that even to order out the wait is incredible .
The food was absolutely amazing !!
The food was absolutely horrible !
The food was actually aweful .
The food was amazing , and the service was prompt and helpful , but not over-bearing or rushed .
The food was amazing , the service was so attentive and personable , and how about that ambience !
The food was authentic .
The food was average or above including some surprising tasty dishes .
The food was below average , the service was pathetic , there was no ambience at all .
The food was bland oily .
The food was boring and expensive .
The food was delicious , the atmosphere was relaxed , and we have now adopted Plate 347 as our Secret on Second !
The food was delicious -LRB- I had a halibut special , my husband had steak -RRB- , and the service was top-notch .
The food was delicious and the waiter was incredibly helpful and attentive -LRB- considering we were the only ones there for the first hour -RRB- .
The food was exceptional .
The food was good .
The food was good too .
The food was great .
The food was great and the service was even better .
The food was just OK , I would never go back .
The food was just OK , at least for what food was available .
The food was just awful , ATROCIOUS actually .
The food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny .
The food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back .
The food was not fresh , the sauces were bland and very oily .
The food was not very tasty , the portioins were tiny even for such a high quality restaurant .
The food was pretty good , but a little flavorless and the portions very small , including dessert .
The food was pretty tradional but it was hot and good with large portions .
The food was really good , I had the onion soup and it was one of the best ever .
The food was so-so .
The food was spicy and delicious .
The food was terrific and the service classy , attentive , without being overbearing .
The food was very expensive -LRB- we spent $ 160 for lunch for two -RRB- but extremely tasty .
The food was very good , a great deal , and the place its self was great .
The food was very well prepared .
The food was well prepared and the service impecable .
The freshest , best variety , and the fastest delivery .
The fried dumplings are GREAT !
The fried rice is amazing here .
The fried rice is really good too .
The fries are yummy .
The garlic mashed potatoes are hands down the best in the city !
The grilled cheese at home afterwards was better . !!
The hanger steak was like rubber and the tuna was flavorless not to mention it tasted like it had just been thawed .
The have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious , if I must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini .
The highlight of the night was the mayonaisse for my side of fries I received from one of the food runners , which is not good considering the bill was nearly $ 100 .
The highly spiced chai tea was great too .
The hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out .
The hostess is rude to the point of being offensive .
The hot and sour soup was unbearably hot and tasted of only pepper and nothing else .
The hot dogs were cold in the middle and the buns were stale .
The in-house lady DJ on Saturday nights has outrageously good taste in music , and moreover , takes requests .
The ingredients taste fresher , the crust is thinner and crispier , the slice is less oily , and it 's never burnt like it occasionally is at Joe 's .
The jukebox plays everything from Italian Opera to The Strokes .
The kitchen however , is almost always slow .
The lamb meat was under-cooked and EXTRMELY CHEWY .
The large selection of bruschettas , paninis , tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating .
The last time I went we were seated at a table in a corridor next to the kitchen .
The last two times I ordered from here my food was soo spicy that I could barely eat it , and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish .
The lava cake dessert was incredible and I recommend it .
The lobster sandwich is $ 24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price .
The lobster sandwich is good and the spaghetti with Scallops and Shrimp is great .
The location and ambience is Ok but the food is what makes up for it .
The location is perfect .
The lox is always fresh too .
The lunch special is an asbolute steal .
The main course had an average portion , and was decent overall .
The main downside to the place is the nazi-like guy running it who constantly complains about the noise level .
The makhani was OK -- the korma was bland .
The man that was hosting promised to save a table for our party of 7 , then sat a party of 2 at the very table he was saving -LRB- mean while there were boths open all around -RRB- .
The manager claimed that he could not compensate us for anything on the bill which just shows the lack of sophistication from the entire group .
The meat dishes were only so-so .
The menu changed , portions were even smaller than before , a lentil dish was salty beyond edibility , a basmati rice dish lacked flavor .
The menu choices are similar but the taste lacked more flavor than it looked .
The menu consisted of standard brassiere food , better then places like Balthazar etc. .
The menu has lots of options : I hope to go back to try those potato pancakes .
The menu is Prix Fixe , so be prepared to spend at least $ 60 per person , but it is Well worth itsuperb food .
The menu is limited but almost all of the dishes are excellent .
The menu is nothing like the one on the website .
The menu is very limited - i think we counted 4 or 5 entrees .
The menu looked good , except for offering the Chilean Sea Bass , but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside .
The menu may be small , but everything on it is delicious .
The menu prices are a bit expensive for what you get in quality and portion size .
The menu seemed to have a wide variety of dishes for seafood lovers and interesting ways of preparing them .
The menu was impressive with selections ranging from a burger , to steak , to escargot .
The miso soup lacked flavor and the fish was unfortunately not as well prepared as in the past .
The most annoying thing , though , is the fact that the servers seem to be trained to drive revenue .
The music does get a little loud at times , but it just made me want to lean closer to my beautiful wife , and as I did , I got a whiff of corriander .
The music is the best among all the Indian restaurants I have visited .
The mussaman curry that I ordered was as thin as water and aside from the poorly fried tofu that I ordered in it , they graciously provided me with ONE piece of poorly cooked potato .
The noise level was unbearable , conversation impossible .
The noodle and rices dishes taste great .
The octopus eaters were floored by the Octopus salad .
The one vegetarian entree -LRB- Abby 's treasure -RRB- was actually quite a surprise - it was delicious and had wintermelon covering an assortment of fresh mushrooms and vegetables .
The one vegetarian entree -LRB- Abby's treasure -RRB- was actually quite a surprise - it was delicious and had wintermelon covering an assortment of fresh mushrooms and vegetables .
The only concern i have is with the slighly all-business waitstaff who order and throw the food down , rushing you out .
The only disappointment was the coat check girls who did n't seem to know what a customer is on a realtively non-busy night -LRB- for the coat check girls -RRB- .
The only fallback on this restaurant is the prices .
The only friendly staff member was the guy at the bar .
The only positive was the wait staff , which was prompt , knowledgable , and likeable .
The only possible drawback to this last point is that as of the date of this posting , the additional menu items are only written in Chinese .
The only problem is that the manager is a complete incompetent .
The only thing I moderately enjoyed was their Grilled Chicken special with Edamame Puree .
The only thing more wonderful than the food -LRB- which is exceptional -RRB- is the service .
The only thing the waiters do n't do for you is wipe your chin when you leave .
The only weird thing was if we got a bottle , the waitress would have simply multiplied the glass price X4 , which makes no sense whatsoever .
The other night we had the $ 30 three course meal and everything was delicious - if I could of licked the plate clean I would of .
The outdoor atmosphere of sitting on the sidewalk watching the world go by 50 feet away on 6th avenue on a cool evening was wonderful .
The overall price tag was very very expensive , something I did expect .
The owner and staff are all Japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance .
The owner is very friendly and a great guy , go try his pizza , you 'll like it !
The owner truly caters to all your needs .
The owners and employees are friendly and their pizza is fantastic .
The palak paneer was standard , and I was not a fan of the malai kofta .
The parathas and kebabs are made when ordered ensuring a level of freshness that is unsurpassed .
The people in the restaurant were pretty obnoxious and loud .
The people that work there are always so friendly you forget you are in New York sometimes .
The people with carts of food do n't understand you because they do n't speak English , their job is to give you the delicious food you point at .
The pesto pizza was excellent , thin-crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy Italian chees e that I 'd never heard of before .
The pesto pizza was excellent , thin-crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy Italian cheese that I 'd never heard of before .
The photobook menu was a cute touch , certainly helped my group and I pick the fried chicken , pork chop , and noodle dishes that we all ordered .
The photos of the restaurant in its web site are way better than the real look .
The pickles were great addition .
The pizza here is delicious .
The pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap , frozen , shredded cheese common to most pizzaria 's .
The pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in NYC .
The pizza is good though .
The pizza is overpriced and soggy .
The pizza is the best if you like thin crusted pizza .
The pizza is yummy and I like the atmoshpere .
The pizza was delivered cold and the cheese was n't even fully melted !
The pizza was great .
The pizza was pretty good and huge .
The pizza was really good .
The place 's decor and hidden bathrooms made for a good laugh .
The place is a BISTRO which means : simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere .
The place is a little tight and on a cold day , the seating by the entranceway can be pretty drafty .
The place is larger than most and features adequate seating unlike most joints , and has a bar which deserves a mention .
The place is sleek , modern and playfull and i will return again frequently .
The place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic .
The place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded , but the service is excellent and it 's great for friends out , a romantic date , or a special occassion .
The place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious .
The place itself is beautiful the bar scene seems to be happening .
The place was n't too hard to find , but it was kind of packed , as soon as my boyfriend and I got our food , the line reached the door .
The place was nice and calm .
The place was quiet and delightful .
The place was real empty but that was because this was the first Sunday they ever opened .
The plain pizza was soggy and the creative wild mushroom -LRB- third generation-Fornini -RRB- pizza we had was drenched with truffle oil in the middle -LRB- again making it soggy -RRB- and nothingon the rest .
The plain pizza was soggy and the creative wild mushroom(third generation-Fornini) pizza we had was drenched with truffle oil in the middle -LRB- again making it soggy -RRB- and nothingon the rest .
The plain slice is great and if you get toppings , the whole slice is topped with them , not sparsely sprinkled on like some places .
The porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless , so was the seafood tagliatelle .
The portion sizes here are huge , and the sushi is good .
The portions are HUGE , so it might be good to order three things to split -LRB- rather than one appetizer and entree per person -RRB- for two people .
The portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter .
The portions are now very small , the sauces are overly-ambitious usually inedible while the service is still good , the restaurant , due to its popularity , seems frantic .
The portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that .
The price is reasonable although the service is poor .
The price very reasonable .
The price was extremely reasonable for the appetizers and food we ate .
The prices and ambience are especially great considering it 's in the West Village .
The prices are about $ 9 for an entree for dinner and even less for lunch .
The prices are exceptionally reasonable for food of this caliber .
The prices are wonderfully low .
The prices can not be beat for the quality , quantity , freshness and taste .
The prices were CHEAP compared to the quality of service and food .
The prices were fantastic .
The production is a symphony , alot of fun to experience.The food sublime for the most part .
The puke green walls leave a lot to be desired , but the food is very good .
The quail was fantastic and unique and the pastas were full of flavor .
The quality of food at this restaurant accompanied by fantastic live jazz makes this place a perfect 10 !
The quantity is also very good , you will come out satisfied .
The red curry is weak and tasteless , the pad thai is stuck together and lumpy , the rice is often overcooked , and the seafood is pretty sketchy .
The rest of the menu is limited by everything is good eats .
The restaraurant is very small so reservations are a must .
The restaurant is a bit noisy but that is something that can be overlooked once you sit down and enjoy a great meal
The restaurant is dark and not very attractive and then you have spot lights shining on you putting you in the worst light possible , reaching for sunglasses .
The restaurant is rather small but we were lucky to get a table quickly .
The restaurant looks out over beautiful green lawns to the Hudson River and the Statue of Liberty .
The restaurant was packed at first , so we waited at the bar for about 20 minutes before we were seated .
The restuarant itself is not large , but seems to have several round tables to accomodate large groups hoping to save a buck to eat authentic Taiwanese .
The rice to fish ration was also good -- they did n't try to overpack the rice .
The rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard .
The sake menu should not be overlooked !
The sandwhiches are out-of-this world !
The sandwiches are dry , tasteless and way overpriced .
The sangria was pretty tasty and good on a hot muggy day .
The sauce is delicious and the crust is perfect .
The sauce on the pizza is sooo good with garlic and fresh tomatoes and they do n't skimp .
The sauces used are also not that exciting .
The scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary .
The seafood is amazing , there 's a good wine list , and the ever-changing menu always offers some great surprises .
The seating was if they were trying to get the maximum amount of people into the restaurant , so be nice to your neighbor when you dine here .
The seats are uncomfortable if you are sitting against the wall on wooden benches .
The second you walk through the heavy vault like door , with people anticipating your arrival you get the sense that you are going to have the dining ride of a lifetime .
The secret is the lunch menu which offers a complimentary appetizer with every entree ordered .
The selection changes frequently but the basic dishes are always available .
The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile .
The servers give you some sample slices of your order while you wait -LRB- shortly I might add -RRB- .
The service , however , was a bright flower in a garden .
The service , wine selection , ambiance are all outstanding and deserve recognition .
The service is a bit slow , but harkens back to my years growing up in Napoli , Italy where things are not rushed and when you sit down for dinner the table is yours all night .
The service is a little scatty at times but all is forgiven when the food arrives .
The service is always bad though , do n't expect much of anything from your server , and I would not recommend bringing a date here either .
The service is awful -- the last time I was there -LRB- and I do mean the last time -RRB- we were told that they needed our table so we would have to leave .
The service is awful .
The service is descent even when this small place is packed .
The service is excellent , the decor is great , and the food is delicious and comes in large portions .
The service is fantastic .
The service is fine and they allow you to enjoy the view .
The service is friendly , if not the most prompt in the world , the food is great , and the prices , while not cheap , wo n't put your wallet out of commission .
The service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing .
The service is good and the resturant is clean .
The service is not consistently excellent -- just decent .
The service is ok , some of the people did n't get what they asked for .
The service is ok but could be better .
The service is outstanding and my crab-cake eggs benedict could not have been better .
The service was a bit slow , but they were very friendly .
The service was attentive , yet discreet .
The service was attentive , yet unimposing , the food was far better than many notorious restaurants in Midtown and the wine list is extensive and well priced .
The service was attentive .
The service was attentive and her suggestions of menu items was right on the mark .
The service was attentive without being overbearing and each dish we tried was wonderful from the spring rolls to the cod with pineapple tempura .
The service was bad , the food took to forever to come , we sat on the upper level .
The service was excellent , the food was excellent , but the entire experience was very cool .
The service was excellent - friendly and attentive .
The service was excellent and the food was delicious .
The service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals .
The service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual .
The service was great as well .
The service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu , present your meal , and attend to your needs .
The service was mediocre , and the lack of air conditioning made for a less than comfortable meal .
The service was ok .
The service was poor , restaurant poorly lit , staff not very attentive and I would have rather eaten at a Mcdonald 's than this joint .
The service was superb , they treat you like family .
The service was terrible , we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served .
The service was the only thing good about this restaurant .
The service was typical short-order , dinner type .
The setting is casual and romantic .
The shrimp scampi was excellent and the antipasti were plentiful .
The sicilian is my favorite it is moist not dry like most places but all their pizza is great !
The sides were ok and incredibly salty .
The signs , the specials menus , food , and even all the waitstaff are ALL TOTALLY Japanese .
The soup for the udon was soy sauce and water .
The soup is pretty good too .
The space is a bit too small for live music , so on jazz nights , it can be loud and cramped .
The space is nice but when we order our drink we were in for a surprise .
The specials are usually quite good too .
The spicy Tuna roll is huge and probably the best that I 've had at this price range .
The spicy tuna and salmon are the best we 've ever had .
The spicy tuna roll was unusually good and the rock shrimp tempura was awesome , great appetizer to share !
The staff are attentive , and have smiles on their faces .
The staff has always been attentive and kind , and I 've always been amazed at how they 've handled all the various different group sizes that come in .
The staff has always been friendly without seeming grating , and the chef has greeted us on a couple of occasions .
The staff has been nice , but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often .
The staff ignored my friends and I the entire time we were there .
The staff is accomodating , the ambiance is exciting and yet relaxed , and the food is out of this world !
The staff is also attentive and friendly .
The staff is courteous and friendly .
The staff is excellent , specjal : that girl behind the bar , european chic .
The staff is incredibly helpful and attentive .
The staff is n't the friendliest or most competent , and I am stickler for service , but everything else about this place makes up for it .
The staff is no nonsense .
The staff is very attentive and we can almost always get a table .
The staff is very kind and well trained , they 're fast , they are always prompt to jump behind the bar and fix drinks , they know details of every item in the menu and make excelent recomendations .
The staff makes you feel at home , the food is great and the atmosphere is WONDERFUL !
The staff offers impeccable service .
The staff there is very attentive and down to earth .
The staff was accomodating , the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely .
The staff was knowledgeable and full of personality .
The staff was the friendliest that have seen in New York .
The staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check .
The staff was very attentive , the ambience lovely , and the food superb .
The steak is good , the fish is good and the sushi was surprisingly great .
The steak was excellent and one of the best I have had -LRB- I tasted the butter intitally but in no way did it overwhelm the flavor of the meat -RRB- .
The steak was very fatty and the sauce was overpowering and not very tasty .
The strong scents coming from the left and right of me negatively affected my taste buds .
The sushi has been from average to below average , the wait service has always been sub-par the atmosphere goes from nice to really irritating -LRB- if you sit in the area beyond the kitchen , the acousitcs are horrid , everything echoes is extremely loud -RRB- .
The sushi is also great !
The sushi is average and the prices are anything but .
The sushi seemed pretty fresh and was adequately proportioned .
The sushi was awful !
The svc can be a bit rude at times , esp if you have big group , but overall the restaurant is a must !
The sweet lassi was excellent as was the lamb chettinad and the garlic naan but the rasamalai was forgettable .
The table next to us asked if he crushed the grapes himself when their long overdue bottle of wine finally arrived .
The table service could have been a little more attentive but as someone who also works in the service industry , I understood they were busy .
The tables are crammed way too close , the menu is typical of any Italian restaurant , and the wine list is simply overpriced .
The takeout is great too since they give high quality tupperware as well .
The takeout menu says to keep an eye out for an expanded menu offering more italian dishes , I ca n't wait !
The tastes makes your mouth water for more .
The tuna and wasabe potatoes are excellent .
The two star chefs left quite some time ago to open their own place .
The vibe is very relaxed and cozy , service was great and the food was excellent !
The view is spectacular , and the food is great .
The wait here is long for dim sum , but if you do n't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig , this is a sleek -LRB- for Chinatown -RRB- alternative .
The wait staff is friendly , and the food has gotten better and better !
The wait staff is pleasant , fun , and for the most part gorgeous -LRB- in the wonderful aesthetic beautification way , not in that she's-way-cuter-than-me-that-b@#$* way -RRB- .
The wait staff is very freindly , they make it feel like you 're eating in a freindly little european town .
The wait staff is very friendly , if not overly efficient .
The waiter actually poured water on my hand and walked away .
The waiter was attentive .
The waiters and owners were nonchalant about this and promised to call the exterminator but were n't as dismayed or apologetic as I would have expected .
The waiters are sweet , the food is tasty and the bill is never too large .
The waiters were not attentive except that the bill turned up on the table before we were finished .
The waitress , seems to be more concerned of looking good than actually waitressing .
The waitress remembers me and is very friendly , she knows what my regular is and that 's the fried mini buns with the condensed milk and the assorted fruits on beancurd .
The waitress suggested glasses of wine that went very well with the food .
The waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal !
The waitresses are nice -- also you can just get counter service sit .
The waitstaff are all very busy , it 's not outstanding service , but I 've never been dealt with rudely .
The waitstaff were attentive , polite and helpful - an impressive feat in such close quarters .
The well mannered , pleasant staff that Tony has in his employ .
The white bean brushetta to start was incredible and the pasta was phenomenal .
The whole set up is truly unprofessional and I wish Cafe Noir would get some good staff , because despite the current one this is a great place .
The wine and cheese plate are plentiful and ca n't wait to try the fondue or table grilling .
The wine is always good , the tapas are always yummy , especially with the warm pita bread .
The wine list is also really nice .
The wine list is excellent .
The wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal .
The wine list is extensive and impressive .
The wine list is interesting and has many good values .
The wine list is n't great , and the desserts are shipped in from Bruno 's down the street , which is not as good as it used to be .
The wine selection -LRB- by the glass and bottle -RRB- is wonderful and I always recommend that friends make a reservation if they 're going to be in town .
The wine the service was very good too .
The workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese -LRB- gets a little messy -RRB- .
The worst excuse for Japanese food I 've ever encountered .
The zucchini and mashed potatoes are a blend of garlic and butter which simply melts in your mouth .
Their Margarita is best I 've had since I 've returned from Naples !
Their bagels are fine , but they are a little overcooked , and not really a ` special ' bagel experience .
Their calzones are horrific , bad , vomit-inducing , YUCK .
Their coffee is quite good too !
Their eggplant is so delicate , sweet tender !
Their exotic salad is basic ly a delcious little green salad with a peanut sauce that is perfect before their sweet basil fried tofu .
Their pad penang is delicious and everything else is fantastic .
Their sake list was extensive , but we were looking for Purple Haze , which was n't listed but made for us upon request !
Their sake martini is wonderful .
Their sushi , Kamikaze and other Rolls are fresh and well presented .
Their tuna tartar appetizer is to die for .
Their whitefish salad is excellent -- all whitefish with a little mayo .
Their wines by the glass are a great accompaniment and you can eat like a king with wine for under $ 30 .
Then , get ripped on free box wine .
There 's something smooth about sipping sake upper east side style .
There are much better places in NY with better prices .
There are other people waiting !
There is a downside if you 're ordering in -- the delivery guys have MAJOR attitude .
There is actually space to breathe and the decor sets the tone for an intimate dinner .
There is also very limited seating and there can be a substantial wait in getting food at peak times .
There is no excuse for such lousy service !
There was a great deal for 6 Blue Point oysters and a beer or glass of wine for $ 8 !
There was a long wait for a table outside , but it was a little too hot in the sun anyway so our insde table was very nice .
There was no ambiance .
These innovators of french indian fusion do a great job of making dishes as interesting as possible while still being accessible .
They 're also friendlier here , especially the owner , Kenny .
They 've the best desserts and mixed drinks as well as snack foods .
They also have a back garden open in the summer - cute and French with outdoor seatin g - what more could you ask for ?
They also have a back garden open in the summer - cute and French with outdoor seating - what more could you ask for ?
They are not helpful in the least and will give you the grand run around so by the time the event date rolls around you will not only regret chosing this place , but also become hostile !
They are often crowded on the weekends but they are efficient and accurate with their service .
They are served with a free appetizer and the portions are perfect for lunch .
They are still living in the dark ages and do not have an answering machine , so if you want to make a reservation you are limited .
They are tasty , but I suggest only eating one with meat because they tend not to mesh that well with the average American digestive system .
They are the best bagels I 've had .
They came out over cooked and the cheese was almost non existant .
They charge $ 6.00 for rice .
They charge different prices all the time .
They could n't even make a salad that was appealing .
They did n't give us the dinner special until we asked for it .
They did not have mayonnaise , forgot our toast , left out ingredients -LRB- ie cheese in an omelet -RRB- , below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it .
They do cater to American palates , but if you like it hot let them know and they are more than willing to oblige !
They do n't seem to place an emphasis on specials or fresh ingredients which to me is necessary for good thai .
They do n't walk around with the trays of Dim Sum .
They even have a section in the menu called American Chinese food !
They forgot a sandwich , did n't include plastic forks , and did n't include pita with the hummus platter .
They had scrapped the bottom of the vessel in which they make the rice - RESULT - WE HAD LARGE CHUNKS OF BURNT RICE IN OUR SERVING BOWL .
They have a huge selection of different cream cheeses and all of their salads are great .
They have a very diverse menu so its something for everybody .
They have authentic Indian at amazin prices .
They have it all -- great price , food , and service .
They have some great entrees here as well .
They might be all business at the counter when you give your order , but their food says I love you .
They need a kick out of it but until then the sushi is pretty good and the place is consistent .
They never brought us complimentary noodles , ignored repeated requests for sugar , and threw our dishes on the table .
They offer the same menu but have creative drinks that are loaded with alcohol and cheeky names -- but they do cost you .
They pray to their Food Gods to make them into a good pizza like VT 's .
They sell special sushi , everything have a topping , sauce and etc. .
They showed up 15 minutes after the tuna melt .
They smell like they stuff them with old canned vegetables like the spinach mushroom calzone .
They treated us well and the food was extremely fresh and well-prepared .
They used shredded cheese on top !
They were such a rip-off -LRB- $ 8.95 for four small meat patties in steamed buns -RRB- and not worth trying .
They were very abrupt with me when I called and actually claimed the food was late because they were out of rice .
They wouldnt even let me finish my glass of wine before offering another .
This big draw is the all you can sushi here for $ 19.95 !
This dish is my favorite and I always get it when I go there and never get tired of it .
This food is asian-air fusion .
This is a consistently great place to dine for lunch or dinner .
This is a cute place and could be good but they need to get their act together .
This is a great Thai restaurant with a very friendly staff .
This is a nice restaurant if you are looking for a good place to host an intimate dinner meeting with business associates .
This is a wonderful place on all stand points especially value ofr money .
This is an amazing place to try some roti rolls .
This is definitely an excellent date spot because of the ambiance and on the weekends the night scene is more than alive .
This is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent .
This is n't your corner Chinese food takeout .
This is one great place to eat pizza more out but not a good place for take-out pizza .
This is one of the best comfort food places in the city .
This is some really good , inexpensive sushi .
This is such a lovely , peaceful place to eat outside .
This is the best sushi in new york city - hands down .
This is the only Thai place I go too in NYC , it 's wonderful , and live relaxed Jazz on certain nights .
This is the perfect date spot for Williamsburg couples .
This is the perfect spot for meeting friends , having lunch , dinner , pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks !
This is the pinnacle of Indian Fast Food -LRB- all fast foods in my opinion -RRB- .
This little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money .
This place , however , has a lot less pretension than Joya and the Thai food is still above-average .
This place does n't compare with Mamoun 's in terms of price , freshness , value , and consisent quality , but that 's just my opinion .
This place has good potential , but needs a significant amount of work before we can justify spending that much money on indian food you can get everywhere else .
This place has many different styles of pizza and they are all amazing .
This place has realy fresh sushi and a nice large menu of Japanese classic cuisine .
This place has the best Chinese style BBQ ribs in the city .
This place has the best interior I have seen anywhere in the northside of W'burg , and will impress whoever you bring there .
This place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time .
This place is a great stop for great food .
This place is always very crowded and popular .
This place is incredibly tiny .
This place is not worth the prices .
This place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a restaurant , the food .
This place is the most Japanese it can ever get .
This place is worth going even if only for their beer .
This place must have cost the owners afortune to build .
This place would be so much better served by being run by a group that actually understands customer service .
This restaurant is a wonderful place to go many times and it is reasonably priced .
This restaurant used to be our regular Thursday night dinner location .
This was my frist time at Cafe St. Bart 's and I must say how delicous the food and the service was .
This was n't the expected menu comprised only of pad thai and tom yum soup , but I thought that was what made the place so special .
This was the worst dining experience I 've ever had .
Thius is a must for anyone who loves Shabu-Shabu .
Though the Spider Roll may look like a challenge to eat , with soft shell crab hanging out of the roll , it is well worth the price you pay for them .
Though you will undoubtedly be seated at a table with what seems like barely enough room -LRB- no matter what the size of your party -RRB- , the warm atomosphere is worth the cramped quarters - you 'll have fun and forgot about the tight spot you 're in .
Three courses - choices include excellent mussels , puff pastry goat cheese and salad with a delicious dressing , and a hanger steak au poivre that is out of this world .
Three of us arrived for dinner about 5:30 on a week night without reservations .
Three page wine menu , one page entree and horedevous .
Threw my fiance 's surprise 30th birthday dinner here could n't be happier .
To be completely fair , the only redeeming factor was the food , which was above average , but could n't make up for all the other deficiencies of Teodora .
To begin , we were told there was a 30 minute wait and started to leave , when the hostess offered to call us on our cell phone when the table was ready .
To celebrate a birthday , three of us went to Mare anticipating great food .
To finish off such a delightful dinner experience you must have dessert , especially the White Chocolate Bread Pudding with Gelato and hot chocolate .
To my right , the hostess stood over a busboy and hissed rapido , rapido as he tried to clear and re-set a table for six .
Told us to sit anywhere , and when we sat he said the table was reserved .
Too bad the food was n't of the same heritage .
Took my mom for Mother 's Day , and the maitre d' was pretty rude .
Toons has recently been redone , so it 's now a very attractive space .
Top spot in town for Vietnamese classics , better than places that cost a lot more .
Total hipster-wannabe attitude in an otherwise sweet spot .
Traditional French decour was pleasant though the hall was rather noisy - the restaurant was full and we had to raise our voices to be able to maintain a conversation .
Tried the pad see ew on the recommendation of the last reviewer since it 's one of my favorite dishes .
Truly the mark of an attentive waiter .
Try green curry with vegetables .
Try ordering from the regular menu , then you would not regret !
Try sushimi cucumber roll .
Try the Pad Se-Ew or Chicken with Cashew Nuts for a memorable and repeatable experience .
Try the Pad Thai , it 's fabulous and their prices are so cheap !
Try the Times Square cocktail -- ginger lemonade with vodka -LRB- also available without vodka . -RRB-
Try the cheesecake !
Try the chocolate mud cake (warmed) with 2 scoops of dulce de leche gelato .
Try the chocolate mud cake -LRB- warmed -RRB- with 2 scoops of dulce de leche gelato .
Try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call Ow Ley Soh , a delicious and sweet tasting bread .
Try the crunchy tuna , it is to die for .
Try the green curry !!!
Try the hot dogs too , they 're snappy and delicious .
Try the lasagnette appetizer .
Try the lobster teriyaki and the rose special roll .
Try the mediterranean salad , it is a true experience for your taste buds !!
Try the olive cream cheese or the lox spread on a whole wheat everything bagel .
Try the sea bass .
Try the spicy wontons and the salt pepper shrimps .
Try the tandoori salmon !
Try their plain pizza with fresh garlic or eggplant .
Tuk Tuk is one of those comfortable neighborhood joints where you know you will always have a good meal at a fair price .
Turned out there was full service upstairs and sat down .
Two people in our party felt like something else , and Volare immediately obliged with two great dishes that were not in their regular menu .
Two words : Free wine .
Ummm ... the beer was cold .
Unfortunately , the food is outstanding , but everything else about this restaurant is the pits .
Unfortunately , the food was NOT something to get worked up about .
Unique apppetizers .
Unless you are eating in the Pizzeria side of this place , and are not in a rush , this place is a bad idea .
Unlike HH up the block , this place actually gives you hearty and hot bagels this town is known for .
Unlike other places in NYC where the sandwiches you want only come as a triple-decker , here you can get what you want in a reasonably-sized portion -LRB- and price -RRB- .
Until you realize that their five minutes is meaningless and your wait may be anywhere from two to twenty minutes it may be frustrating .
Upon entering , we were greeted by the owners , Steven and Frederick , who went out of their way to be more than gracious hosts .
Usually 3 vs. 4 items per dish .
VT is what baby pizzas hope to be when they grow up .
Veal Parmigana - Better than Patsy 's !
Very affordable and excellent ambient !
Very excited to hear that short-term Chef Jason Narone has moved on , he truly was a low point of their Sterling track record .
Very good service and very good prices .
Very good wine choices .
Very popular style Izakaya -LRB- Sake and small portion of sake-friendly dishes -RRB- .
Very romantic fires - I 've literally spent hours at Lanterna , drinking wine from their extensive wine and enjoying the ambience .
Volare virgins or weekly regulars , everyone gets treated the same and you ca n't ask for more than that when the service is this friendly .
Wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the UWS !
Waiters tend to forget drinks completely , food portions are so tiny , two people have trouble sharing one entree .
Waitstaff are very friendly .
Waitstaff is great , very attentive .
Warm , comfortable surroundings , nice appointments -LRB- witness the etched glass and brickwork separating the dining rooms -RRB- .
Warm and friendly in the winter and terrific outdoor seating in the warmer months .
We 've been following chef Lyle 's food around New York for 15 years and while remaining classic , his innovations with bistro fare have made us return and return .
We 've been to Grocery three times and not once has an item on the menu disappointed .
We 've never had any problems with the staff but maybe we 've been lucky ?
We 've only eaten in the restaurant once , but we have ordered many times for dinner .
We , there were four of us , arrived at noon - the place was empty - and the staff acted like we were imposing on them and they were very rude .
We a menu that rearely changes , e xcept for one or two specials , the quality and care they put in thier food in evident .
We actually gave 10 % tip -LRB- which we have never done despite mediocre food and service -RRB- , because we felt totally ripped off .
We actually left hungry and went across the street to Wo Hop at 15 Mott street for some good chinese food .
We all ate pasta entre'es , which were great .
We all had the tasting menu and unlike some of the other reviews , I felt there was more than enough food .
We also had shared a house salad that was fresh .
We also ordered two hot dogs thinking they would be pretty good since there is a whole section on the menu devoted to them .
We always get a sampling of appetizers and share .
We always have a delicious meal and always leave feeling satisfied .
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included : ceviche mix (special) , crab dumplings , assorted sashimi , sushi and rolls , two types of sake , and the banana tempura .
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included : ceviche mix -LRB- special -RRB- , crab dumplings , assorted sashimi , sushi and rolls , two types of sake , and the banana tempura .
We arrived for dinner expecting to be impressed by a place that has an impressive past - but , that 's just it -- the PAST !
We arrived on time for our reservation and seated promptly.The
We asked to be moved -LRB- which took half an hour -RRB- , and then were seated in a high traffic area in the back , even though the rest of the room was practically empty .
We ate at this Thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods .
We ate here in March , 2006 and ordered the pre-theatre 3-course dinner with wine flight .
We ate out in the back patio , which is worth it as it 's cool and the music is hear well there .
We ate outside at Haru 's Sake bar because Haru 's restaurant next door was overflowing .
We began with the cheese fondue -LRB- the artisanal blend -RRB- and added apples and kielbasa to dip .
We both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh .
We concluded with tiramisu chocolate cake , both were delicious .
We could have made a meal of the yummy dumplings from the dumpling menu .
We could n't carry our conversation as we were routinely interrupted by waitress and servants asking us to order and hinting that we 're taking too much time -- amazing , we just sat down .
We could not catch our waiter 's eye , and he ignored us .
We could only get through an appetizer and cheese fondue .
We did have to wait at the bar for approx .
We did n't even see a menu , as our waiter described both the specials and the main dishes .
We did n't get drink refills and she did n't even offer us the option of dessert .
We ended our great experience by having Gulab Jamun (dessert) recommended by the waiter .
We ended our great experience by having Gulab Jamun -LRB- dessert -RRB- recommended by the waiter .
We ended the dinner with a surprisingly light and flaky apple tarte tatin .
We even had a visit from the Manager who wanted to make sure we were enjoying ourselves .
We figured we never had Argentinian Pizza before so we grabbed our lunch there , sharing a large Pelligrino , a pizza of two of their specials , one was goat cheese the other blue cheese , and both were excellent .
We go on Mondays for the prix fixe and our experience with the food has been comparable to Blue Ribbon .
We got a little tipsy from the sake but is n't that what Saturday nights with the girlfriends are all about ?
We got in line and were served while in line a bannan fritter .
We had Pam's special fried fish and it was amazing .
We had a 3 hour brunch - they definitely do not rush you - and they kept the unlimited mimosas flowing the whole time .
We had a girls ' night dinner here for restaurant week .
We had a great tiem watching the shows and characters and ar food was just what we were looking for .
We had a party in their private room and they made it truly memorable and were very helpful in the planning .
We had a wonderful meal at Naples 45 a month ago on a visit to NYC .
We had champagne and caviar and felt like princesses !
We had crawfish boiled and despite making a mess , it was a ton of fun and quite tasty as well .
We had great desserts -LRB- including the best cannoli I 've ever had -RRB- and then they offered an after dinner drink , on the house .
We had reservations at 9pm , but was not seated until 10:15 pm .
We had the lobster sandwich and it was FANTASTIC .
We had the most wonderful waitress .
We had the pot-stickers which were great and a tempura dis h that was great .
We had the pot-stickers which were great and a tempura dish that was great .
We had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful .
We have been to this place many times , and always have great food , wine , and service .
We have never had any problems with charging the meal or the tip , and the food was delivered quickly , but we live only a few minutes walk from them .
We laughed when he finally offered us a dessert menu and we left a 10 percent tip , which was generous , I feel .
We left after one drink .
We live in New Jersey and whenever we go into New York City we buy bagels to eat hot and then to freeze -LRB- they told me that if I call in the order , they 'd bring it out to the car so I would n't have to look for parking -RRB- .
We love the food , drinks , and atmosphere !
We made early dinner reservations and were thoroughly impressed , reminds me of my grandfather , its old school Italian scenery with lots of fun stuff to admire .
We only ordered desserts and drinks , but no refills were offered .
We ordered a tuna melt - it came with out cheese which just made it a tuna sandwich .
We ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the Thai section of the menu but nothing we got was Thai .
We ordered the chicken casserole , but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken , all dark meat and on the bone .
We ordered the special , grilled branzino , that was so infused with bone , it was difficult to eat .
We parked on the block of Nina 's the place looked nice , with people obviously enjoying their pizzas .
We ran a little late for the reservation but it was n't a problem to get our table immediately .
We recently decided to try this location , and to our delight , they have outdoor seating , perfect since I had my yorkie with me .
We saw them heating up at least one frozen item though I 'm not sure which dim sum dish it was .
We shared a bottle of sake , an order of edamames , and she had the sushi plat e while I had the sashimi .
We shared a bottle of sake , an order of edamames , and she had the sushi plate while I had the sashimi .
We started with lox and mussels -LRB- the best ive ever had , ever -RRB- and had the cod and trout for dinner .
We thought that this place is using too much of MSG cooking in the foods .
We took advanatage of the half price sushi deal on saturday so it was well worth it .
We usually just get some of the dinner specials and they are very reasonably priced and very tasty .
We visited Bread Bar during January restaurant week and were so pleased with the menu selections and service .
We visited Orsay during NY Restaurant Week and tried their $ 35 menu .
We walked in on a Wednesday night and were seated promptly .
We went around 9:30 on a Friday and it had died down a bit by then so the service was great !
We went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a Saturday , and I was thoroughly impressed with the food .
We went to eat at the Jekyll and Hyde restaurant on Friday night and really enjoyed the fun atmosphere and good food .
We were a group of 8 and well seved .
We were also seated promptly at the time of our reservation and the service was very quick and professional .
We were disappointed with the pre-fixe menu of only 2 choices per course -LRB- other restaurants offer 3 choices -RRB- and ended up ordering a la carte .
We were fans of the half-price Saturday night option until some inedible squid during a recent visit .
We were fast to order the appetizer platter since we were very hungry .
We were in search of food and stumbled on this block of Indian restaurants on East Sixth Street .
We were looking forward to nice glass of Sangria when we arrived .
We were on our way back to NJ , and since I am in NY , we figured why not grab some food ?
We were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order .
We were seated and ignored by waitstaff .
We were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date .
We were seated promptly as we had reservations , however after that the service was slow .
We were still sitting at the bar while we drank the sangria , but facing away from the bar when we turned back around , the $ 2 was gone the people next to us said the bartender took it .
We were told that the wait was about twenty minutes and there would be no problem for our 8:00 pm curtain call .
We were told that they were booked solid and no other table was available .
We were very surprised by how good the food was on our first visit here on a Sunday night .
We were walking around the village and went into this place just for some drinks .
We were well attended to by the enthusiastic staff especially the manager Tony Gaskin who made excellent suggestions for our menu selections .
We were worried we would have trouble getting in , but somehow managed to have a short wait .
We wo n't go to this place again for a good meal .
We would like to thank Marcelo and Grace for a wonderful dining experience !!!
Well , their deliveries take for ever and the food is usually cold .
Well , this place is so Ghetto its not even funny .
Went for a late weekday lunch .
Went on a 3 day oyster binge , with Fish bringing up the closing , and I am so glad this was the place it O trip ended , because it was so great !
Went on a double date with friend and his girlfriend for a few drinks and appetizers .
Went there and had a combination of different seafood dishes and appetizers .
Went there for an office lunch .
Went there with my wife and we had to wait for a table even though you could see there many that were empty with not reservation sigh on them .
Went to Ottimo and was expecting outstanding pizza -LRB- as I love La Pizza Fresca -RRB- .
Were meeting up with some friends for a drink at Lafayette 161 and happened to walk by Thai Angel famished .
What I did n't like was how the food came right after it was ordered .
What an amazing meal and experience !
What came to our table was burned beyond recognition and stringy .
What generous portions !
What is even better , is that the prices are very affordable as well , and the food is really good .
What makes this restaurant special are the authentic sichuan cooking and being the only one in NYC that offers authentic chongqing hotpot .
Whem asked , we had to ask more detailed questions so that we knew what the specials were .
When I lived upstate for a while I would buy freeze the bagels and they would still be better than any else .
When I saw that their website had a link to da Ciro in Napoli , I knew there was going to be good pizza !
When asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants , he replied this is not Mcdonald 's , every place makes things differently While it is understandable that every place is indeed different , there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude .
When family came in he gave them apps to test their palets , and then ordered for them .
When going out for a nice dinner , I like a nice ambiance as well as very good food .
When he 's not making authentic Neapolitan pizza in the open brick oven or lightly frying zucchini blossoms , he 's visiting the regulars -LRB- a growing legion -RRB- and checking on newcomers .
When he finally did , he was unable to make a gin and tonic -- could n't find tonic .
When my dessert came , there was a candle in it - not because anyone asked for one - but because the waiter must have seen me opening my birthday card and gift , and said he knew it was a special occassion of some sort .
When my husband and go there , we spend $ 60.00 -LRB- have LOBSTER TAILS UMMMMM need I say more -RRB- I ca n't say any more , it a place you 'll never forget If you never go , you 'll miss A Meal of your life time
When we notified him that he did n't mention the specials , he did n't apologize but let us know that we made a very good decision regardless .
When we sat , we got great and fast service .
When we were finally seated our waitress came by twice-1 for our order and 2-for our check .
When you 're sitting in their main dining room -LRB- which has a spectacular , hand-painted high ceiling -RRB- you 'd never know there was a world outside .
When you want a piece of beef , head on over .
Whenever you need a Sushi fix , Mizu will be there with quality fish and great service .
Where tanks in other Chinatown restaurants display a lurking myriad of sad-looking marine life in their murky waters , the tanks at Ping 's are clear as glass with healthy-looking creatures who do not yet know that they will be part of some dim sum lover 's brunch .
Whether it 's the parmesean porcini souffle or the lamb glazed with balsamic vinegar , you will surely be transported to Northern Italy with one bite .
While I quite liked the food and the ambience , I 'm not quite sure if it they really deserve it the Michelin rating they have displayed so prooudly in the window .
While Sapphire is certainly not lacking in ambiance , and probably has the best decor of any Indian restaurant I have been to in New York City , the food was not what I had hoped for .
While certain staples are excellent -LRB- the burger , some of the pastas -RRB- , the food is not really the point .
While most people can attest to spending over $ 50 on drinks in New York bars and hardly feeling a thing , the drinks here are plentiful and unique .
While the $ 20 entree range is not overly expensive , in New York City , there is definitely better food in that range , and so Sapphire , despite it 's lovely atmosphere , will most likely not be a restaurant to which I will return .
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great , the food and service could have been a lot better .
While the food was excellent , it was n't cheap -LRB- though not extremely expensive either -RRB- .
While the food was good -LRB- certainly no Il Mulino -RRB- the service was horrendous .
While the new restaurant still features much of the same classical furniture that made Tiffin so attractive , the menu has been overhauled .
While the place is not a hotspot hangout , the drinks are unique and pack a lot of bang for the buck .
While the prices are nothing special , the portions are huge .
While the room is not particularly comfortable , once you 're seated you 'll forget about everything except what 's on your plate .
While the staff at this little bistro is very friendly , I have never experienced more incompetency .
While there are plenty of places to go for a good corned beef sandwich , Katz 's has a charm about it .
While they keep the capex to a minimum , they do put some cash into the bagels , because they among the best in the city .
While this can hardly be called a restaurant , it is possibly the best deal in Manhatten : $ 4 for a plate heaped with rice and 2-3 entrees .
While this is a pretty place in that overly cute French way , the food was insultingly horrible .
While this is n't classical restaurant fare , the chef has given new life to an old cuisine with some really innovative and tasty dishes that are genuinely Indian without being heavy or same old restaurant burn-outs .
While we enjoyed the food , we were highly disappointed by the poor service -LRB- waiter was not quite competent and SLOW service -RRB- and lack of remorse .
While we thoroughly enjoyed the food , it was annoying to scream across the table for conversation .
Why do people rave about the ambience .
Why make a reservation if you are n't going to keep it ?
Will have to return to try the chocolate !
Wine list selection is good and wine-by-the-glass was generously filled to the top .
Winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you .
With so many good restaurants on the UWS , I do n't need overpriced food , absurdly arrogant wait-staff who do n't recognize they work at a glorified diner , clumsy service , and management that does n't care .
With the exception of our lemon salad that had so much pepper on it that our eyes started watering , the food here was decent , not great .
With the great variety on the menu , I eat here often and never get bored .
With the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room .
Wo n't or Ca n't is not in the service directory .
Wonderful strawberry daiquiries as well !
Worse of all , $ 60 was erroneously added to our $ 80 bill .
Would n't recomend it for dinner !
Wow over 100 beers to choose from .
Yeah , sometimes the service can be slow .
Yeah Shanghai is also great but not quite as good -- they use the same amount of salt but without sweetness to balance out .
Yes , there might be a wait if you have no reservations .
Yes , they use fancy ingredients , but even fancy ingredients do n't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right .
Yes you have to wait to be seated and because its small there is no waiting area and the seat at the bar was all taken .
Yet paired with such rude service , would never recommend for anyone interested in carrying any kind of conversation while there .
You can also special order any kind of dumpling , etc. .
You can certainly find restaurants that offer a superior fine dining experience , but for superb food at reasonable prices , La Villa ca n't be beat .
You can even get packages of the chutneys to stock your fridge !
You can get an excellent meal at most of the many Indian restaurants on nearby Lexington Avenue for the cost of one the dainty dishes here .
You do n't go to Mizu for excellent service , you go for the large amounts of food , the amiable atmosphere , and the hole-in-the-wall feeling of the place .
You get the sense that the people there care about their restaurant and about your experience and that is very nice .
You get what you pay for and with that logic in mind , Spice is a great place to grab some cheap eats and drinks in a beautiful setting .
You have to increase the service a lot .
You must have the crabmeat lasagna which is out of this world and the chocolate bread pudding for dessert .
You must try the shrimp appetizers .
You order from a menu , so you leave feeling like you missed the full experience .
You rarely have to wait for a seat and the currys (masaman, green, red) are full of flavor and come super spicy if you ask for it .
You rarely have to wait for a seat and the currys -LRB- masaman , green , red -RRB- are full of flavor and come super spicy if you ask for it .
You should pass on the calamari .
You will pay a lot for the decore , but the food is no better or worse than a lot of other Chinese and Asian fusion places in NY .
Your money could easily be better spent elsewhere -LRB- Anywhere -RRB- .
Zero ambiance to boot .
all the food was excellent - considering the quality of food in most moderately priced restaurants is mediocre this was slightly more pricey and well worth it .
also make sure you pay attention to the music being piped in - quite a weird selection .
and yes Dal Bukhara is so dam good and so are all the kababs .
and you ca n't beat the prices .
at night , but it 's hard to hear your own conversation with everyone else competing for that same luxury - the music playing in the background is also voluminous .
at taj , vegetarians can rejoice-all the dishes are manna from heaven .
being a fan of spicy ethnic foods , indian included , i made friends with this place long ago .
believe us , we 've been eating sushi for over 15 yrs .
big and soft as well as good lunch food .
black white shakes came out good also .
both are very reasonably priced -LRB- around $ 8 for dinner and $ 5 for lunch -RRB- , and are delicious and filling .
bottles of wine are cheap and good .
brick oven gallery is My pick for best pizza restaurant anywhere .
but the service was a bit slow .
but when we looked at the menu , there were n't a lot of choices , most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section .
delicious bagels , especially when right out of the oven .
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere .
even the wine by the glass was good .
fine dining restaurant quality .
from an English speaking staff .
go here for the drinks !
good music , great food , speedy service affordable prices .
good selection of wines ranging from affordable to high end .
great eats , good times .
great food , lt 's of it , more then one person can eat !
great place to go for a drink too because they have 100 kinds of beer .
great wine list -LRB- italian -RRB- , good food , service was INITIALLY fine .
head and shoulders above its neighboors on east 6 st , taj mahal is also very comparable , in food quality , to the much overpraised -LRB- and underdeserving -RRB- baluchi 's .
honestly the worst sushi my husband and i had in our entire lives .
however , it 's the service that leaves a bad taste in my mouth .
i 've been back to nha trang literally a hundred times for the beef cubes - they 're that good .
i 've been to sapphire twice and both times the food was fine , if not good .
i 've noticed megadeth , mr. scruff , st. germain , traditional vietnamese songs , black sabbath , jay-z , and daft punk all being played .
i do n't usually order wine with indian so i ca n't comment on their wine list or their wines .
i recommend the thai popcorn : -RRB-
i would just ask for no oil next time .
i would recommend reservations on weekends though .
if this happens , just ask for real naan .
if you 're looking for perfect traditional sushi , go here - if you 're looking for interesting combinations , try sushi of gari 's -LRB- east side -RRB- .
in an effort to increase turnover , the restaurant offers no desserts beyond the complimentary espresso cup filled with chocolate mousse .
instead ordered an ice cold beer which to me works with indian .
it 's a perfect place to have a amanzing indian food .
it 's the only place you can get yummy authentic japanese comfort food .
just got back from lunch at Tamarind and it was excellent .
kalbi and nebbiolo do work together .
less wait time for me !
like saying her bread comes from a special bakery when we have seen her buying it dowtown manhathan .
love the food .
my personal favorite is an everything bagel with lox spread , but all the bagles are unbeliavably good .
my picks : Guizhou chicken , fish with hot bean source , fish fillet in spicy source -LRB- special menu -RRB- .
my picks are : - Scallion Pancake -LRB- fried with vegetable juice , very special and tasty -RRB- - Guizhou Chicken - Shredded Squid Family Style -LRB- one of my personal favorites -RRB- - Sichuan Spicy Soft Shell Crab - Shuizhu Fish -LRB- this one is for hardcore Sichuan food fans , I would n't recommend to my American friends as it 's very spicy .
night without a reservation , we had to wait at the bar for a little while , but the manager was so nice and made our wait a great experience .
not only does make the best pizza in NY , maybe anywhere .
not the food , not the ambiance , not the service , I agree with the previous reviews you wait and wait , the wait staff are very rude and when you get in they are looking to get you right out .
now if they could only get a toaster .
one of the best Chicken Tikka Masala .
otherwise , good stuff for late nite eats .
overall , a solid restaurant and at less than $ 40pp -LRB- including wine -RRB- , a solid deal as well .
people are rude bit again it 's new york !
service is friendly , and never had a problem walking in and getting a table .
service was efficient courteous .
skip dessert .
sometimes i get bad food and bad service , sometimes i get good good and bad service .
sometimes i get good food and ok service .
stick with the chicken , beef , and lamb dishes .
still stay away , the table next to us walked out after my table and aanother were serves eventhough they were there much longer ...
the drinks are amazing and half off till 8pm .
the food was undercooked-the sauce watery , and the vegetables raw .
the real kicker of the menu , however , is the beef cubes or the chicken with chili and lemon grass .
then we ordered a dinosaur rolls and white tuna sashimi .
they bring service up a notch by offerng complementary amuse bouche to all tables and gave us a small dessert for our celebration .
they did give a 15 % discount at the end , was n't enough , as they knew the service was horrible .
they did n't disappoint , service from the second i arrived at the door was extremely pleasant and attentive with almost one server per table .
they were able to squeeze me in at 6 after i called the night before my anniversary for a friday night reservation and told me they 'd treat us well for the occasion .
this is the best secret place in midtown ' , I heard that from the bartender , after having brilliant food -LRB- try steak with portobello mushrooms -RRB- and drinks on the bar last Tuesday .
this little place has a cute interior deco r and affordable city prices .
this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices .
those rolls were big , but not good and sashimi was n't fresh .
try the spicy shrimp appetizer -LRB- again , not the greatest value in the world but worth the price -RRB- and the lamb vindaloo is great .
uni from maine vs california , sea vs freshwater eel -RRB- to get a good taste comparison .
very good breads as well .
we came here on a crowded saturday night and were seated right away despite being 15 minutes late for our reservation .
we decided to eat in tea room which was small and cute .
we did notice however , that some tables had what looked like pita instead of naan .
we split a tasty vegetable samosa and the malai tikka wrap .
we were seated at the sushi bar in front of yasuda .
we were tired and cold when we got to the restaurant , then we sat down to begin ordering appetizers .
word of advice , save room for pasta dishes and never leave until you 've had the tiramisu .
would have rather tried terrace in the sky or water club for that price
you can actually get 2 salads worth if u take it home and add it to some lettuce !
yourself a favor and have dinner here and see if you dont agree with me .
'' The menu includes pub fare -- burgers , steaks and shepherds pie -- and even a portabella lasagna for those black sheep known as `` vegetarians .
-LRB- The sashimi is cut a little thinly .
-RRB- It 's not the best Japanese restaurant in the East Village , but it 's a pretty solid one for its modest prices , and worth repeat visits .
15 % gratuity automatically added to the bill .
A beautiful atmosphere , perfect for drinks and/or appetizers .
A con was the slow bar service .
A mix of students and area residents crowd into this narrow , barely there space for its quick , tasty treats at dirt-cheap prices .
A nice space , as long as it does n't get too crowded and a singleminded devotion to its chosen cuisine make Mare a great choice for seafood lovers .
A small , outdoor eating area makes for a private , comfortable space to study alone or meet up with friends .
After I paid for my purchase , I noticed they had not given me utensils so I could eat my pie .
After dinner I heard music playing and discovered that there is a lounge downstairs .
After waiting for almost an hour , the waiter brusquely told us he 'd forgotten to give the kitchen our order .
All are GREAT - poori , naan , paratha all FRESH .
All of the apetizers are good and the Sangria is very good .
All toppings are so fresh you 'd think they had their own vegetable garden and the crust is so perfect , that one actually thinks of how it was made .
All-time favorites include the Big Mac , Chicken McNuggets , Filet-O-Fish sandwich and McDonald 's famous french fries ; lighter options like entree-sized salads are also available .
All-time favorites include the Big Mac , Chicken McNuggets , Filet-O-Fish sandwich and McDonald's famous french fries ; lighter options like entree-sized salads are also available .
Also , the chick peas with shrimp (appetizer) is divine .
Also , the staff is very attentive and really personable .
Also get the Onion Rings -- best we 've ever had .
Although I moved uptown I try to stop in as often as possible for the GREAT cheap food and to pay the friendly staff a visit .
Although small , it has beautiful ambience , excellent food -LRB- the catfish is delicious - if ya do n't mind it a lil salty -RRB- and attentive service .
Although the restaurant itself is nice , I prefer not to go for the food .
And , the honey BBQ rib tips are yummy !
And all the [female] servers are cute too , which is always nice .
And the food , well the food will keep you coming back .
And the food is fantastic .
And these are not small , wimpy fast food type burgers - these are real , full sized patties .
Another friend had to ask 3 times for parmesan cheese .
Anytime and everytime I find myself in the neighborhood I will go to Sushi Rose for fresh sushi and great portions all at a reasonable price .
Anyway , the owner was fake .
Anywhere else , the prices would be 3x as high !
Appetizer are excellent here ; you can make a great -LRB- and inexpensive -RRB- meal out of them .
Ask for the round corner table next to the large window .
At night the atmoshere changes turning into this hidden jewel that is waiting to be discovered .
At peak times , the restaurant is overcrowded and tables are uncomfortably close .
Atmosphere is a bore .
Average cake thats been courted by a LOT of hype .
BEST spicy tuna roll , great asian salad .
BTW , the service is very good .
Be sure to accompany your food with one of their fresh juice concoctions .
Be sure to try the Smoked Trout ... Lamb Chops , Veal Chops , Rabbit , the potato gratin , on and on and on ...
Been to the one in Brooklyn for over 25 years , now I dont have to go over the bridge for the best pizza ... Hanx
Being Puerto Rican I know a thing or two about flan and this place serves one of the best -LRB- I hope Mom does n't read this ! -RRB- .
Best Chinese on the Upper East , prompt delivery , good value .
Best Indian food I have ever eaten .
Best hot dogs in the tri-state area .
Best things to order are from the grill -LRB- Churrasco and Ribs -RRB- .
Between my guest and I , we sampled at least 80 % of the menu , and they were all hits .
Beware of the chili signed food items not unless you want to call the fire department to douse the flames in your mouth .
Both a number of the appetizer and pasta specials were amazing .
Bring your date and a bottle of wine !
Build a meal with side orders like Amazin ' Greens salads , Buffalo Chicken Kickers and Cinna Stix .
Build a meal with side orders like Amazin' Greens salads , Buffalo Chicken Kickers and Cinna Stix .
But dinner here is never disappointing , even if the prices are a bit over the top .
But make sure you have enough room on your credit card as the bill will leave a big dent in your wallet .
But regulars know that the sandwiches are the real star here .
But the meals were terrible .
Can be a bit busy around peak times because of the size .
Casablanca servces delicious falafel , tabouleh , humus and other Mediterranean delights , which are all very inexpensive .
Certainly not the best sushi in New York , however , it is always fresh , and the place is very clean , sterile .
Chef Vincenzo , always there if you need him , is a real talent and a real Roman .
Chef Waldy 's always measures up .
Chinatown definitely has better quality with cheaper prices .
Coffee is a better deal than overpriced Cosi sandwiches .
Cool atmosphere but such a let down .
Could have had better for 1/3 the price in Chinatown .
Creamy appetizers -- taramasalata , eggplant salad , and Greek yogurt (with cuccumber, dill, and garlic) taste excellent when on warm pitas .
Creamy appetizers -- taramasalata , eggplant salad , and Greek yogurt -LRB- with cuccumber , dill , and garlic -RRB- taste excellent when on warm pitas .
Creative dishes like king crab salad with passion fruit vinaigrette and fettuccine with grilled seafood in a rosemary-orange sauce are unexpected elements on an otherwise predictable bistro menu .
Cuisine is billed as asian fusion - does n't meet the bill .
Definitely try the calamari , any pasta , or even the Sliced steak entree .
Definitely try the taglierini with truffles - it was incredible .
Dessert was also to die for !
Desserts are almost incredible : my personal favorite is their Tart of the Day .
Desserts include flan and sopaipillas .
Did I mention that the coffee is OUTSTANDING ?
Did n't seem like any effort was made to the display and quality of the food .
Dieters stick to salads or indulge in vegetarian platters .
Disappointingly , their wonderful Saketini has been taken off the bar menu .
Dishes denoted as "Roy's Classics" -LRB- marked on the menu with asterisks -RRB- are tried-and-true recipes , such as macadamia-crusted mahi mahi , or subtly sweet honey-mustard beef short ribs .
Dishes denoted as `` Roy 's Classics '' -LRB- marked on the menu with asterisks -RRB- are tried-and-true recipes , such as macadamia-crusted mahi mahi , or subtly sweet honey-mustard beef short ribs .
Do n't ever bother - the drinks were awful , but it was the people who work there that really made this the worst experience at dining .
Dug the blue bar area too .
El Nidos one of the best restaurants in New York which I 've ever been to , has a great variety of tasty , mouth watering pizza's .
Entrees include classics like lasagna , fettuccine Alfredo and chicken parmigiana .
Even for two very hungry people there is plenty of food left to be taken home -LRB- it reheats really well also -RRB- .
Even when the chef is not in the house , the food and service are right on target .
Everyone who works there -LRB- the host , the bartender , the servers -RRB- is so helpful .
Everything about this place is adorable - even the bathroom !
Everything from the eggs benedict to the mussels and even the hamburger were done well and very tasty .
Everytime I go there I ca n't pick anything to eat and not because the menu is filled with great things to eat .
Favourites include : potato spinach gnocchi and the lamb .
Finally , I got sick of the bad service , obnoxious smirks , and snotty back talk .
Finally a curry that I can eat , enjoy and not suffer from gastritis from 3 hours later .
Finally let into the store 5 at a time , to buy expensive slices from a harried staff .
First walking in the place seemed to have great ambience .
Food is always fresh and hot - ready to eat !
Food is excellent and they also have empenadas and plaintains which are good for an afternoon snack .
Food is excellent quality for a good restaurant price .
Food portion was SMALL and below average .
Food was decent , but not great .
For a savory take on the soup and sandwich meal , try the hot and sour soup .
For someone who used to hate Indian food , Baluchi 's has changed my mid .
For the price you pay for the food here , you 'd expect it to be at least on par with other Japanese restaurants .
Frankly , the chinese food here is something I can make better at home .
Fresh veggies , all sorts of middle eastern spreads , cheese and falafel , soup , fish , rice , root vegetables , a rice medley , some spinach thing , lamb kebabs , cheese baclava ... soooo much fooood , and all of it delicious .
From the beginning , we were met by friendly staff memebers , and the convienent parking at Chelsea Piers made it easy for us to get to the boat .
From the erbazzone emiliana to the mostarda on the cheese plate , the dishes at this restaurant are all handled with delicate care .
Generously garnished , organic grilled burgers are the most popular dish , but the Jerusalem market-style falafel wraps and Mediterranean salads -- layered with beets , goat cheese and walnuts -- are equally scrumptious .
Generously garnished , organic grilled burgers are the most popular dish , but the Jerusalem market-style falafel wraps and Mediterranean salads--layered with beets, goat cheese and walnuts -- are equally scrumptious .
Give it a try , menu is typical French but varied .
Glechik might be way too tiny for a restaurant by Russian standards , but it is cozy and the food is simply GREAT .
Go for the Seafood Paella for two .
Go here if you want fresh and tasty salads of any type you can imagine .
Go with the specials , and stay away from the salmon .
Good cake BUT : it was not the best cake i 've ever had , and definately not worth standing outside on the sidewalk being herded like cattle by indifferent and overworked employees .
Good food at the right price , what more can you ask for .
Good for a quick sushi lunch .
Good service , great food , good value , and never have to wait in line !
Great beer selection too , something like 50 beers .
Great burgers , grilled cheeses and french fries .
Great food , good wine and an excellent host .
Great food , great drinks , nice dining atmosphere .
Great food , great waitstaff , great atmosphere , and best of all GREAT beer !
Great food but the service was dreadful !
Great restaurant , and even greater food !
Great wine list and great cocktail menu .
Had a great experience at Trio ... staff was pleasant ; food was tasty and large in portion size - I would highly recommend the portobello/gorgonzola/sausage appetizer and the lobster risotto .
Had a great meal there this weekend before heading to the movies !
Had a lovely dinner in this dedicated seafood joint , food was well-prepared and - presented and the service was pleasant and prompt .
Had dinner here on a Friday and the food was great .
Half a chicken with a mountain of rice and beans for $ 6.25 .
Harumi Sushi has the freshest and most delicious array of sushi in NYC .
Has the warmth of a family local yet it is a great place to watch sporting events .
Have a mojito and sit in the back patio .
Highly recommended ... As stated , I have n't dined * in * the restaurant but stopped by there to pick up takeout and it seems a very relaxing place ; also , the bar looks nice .
Hip boutiques and bars on Ludlow add to the artsy , laid-back atmosphere at this Israeli-style takeout and eat-in burger joint .
His food is excellent -LRB- and not expensive by NYC standards - no entrees over $ 30 , most appetizers $ 12 to 14 -RRB- .
Host and Hostess was quite rude .
How can hope to stay in business with service like this ?
How can they survive serving mediocre food at exorbitant prices ?!
How pretentious and inappropriate for MJ Grill to claim that it provides power lunch and dinners !
However , being foodies , we were utterly disappointed with the food .
However , the food and service and dramatically lacking .
However , the service is absolutely horrible .
However , there is just something so great about being outdoors , in great landscaping , enjoying a casual drink that makes going to this place worthwhile .
Huge portions , great and attentive service , and pretty good prices .
I 'm glad I did as the food was very good and the staff was friendly , courteous and efficient .
I 'm in love with the lobster ravioli !
I 'm looking forward to going back soon and eventually trying most everything on the menu !
I 've come here for casual lunches as well as for a friend 's birthday and I always enjoy myself .
I 've eaten at all three locations and I always love , love the food , the service is always wonderful and the prices are really reasonable .
I 've had better Japanese food at a mall food court .
I HAVE NEVER HAD A BAD MEAL -LRB- OR BAD SERVICE -RRB- @ PIGALLE .
I WAS HIGHLY DISAPPOINTED BY THE FOOD .
I also recommend the garlic knots .
I always find myself asking the waiter to make something bland and different than what is on the menu .
I asked for a simple medium rare steak .
I asked repeatedly what the status of the meal was and was pretty much grunted at by the unbelievably rude waiter .
I came to fresh expecting a great meal , and all I got was marginally so-so food served in a restaurant that was just so freezing we could n't enjoy eating .
I can say that the wraps , burgers and salads were all fresh , tasty and the mango margareta at $ 9 was WELL WORTH the money .
I can understand the prices if it served better food , like some Chinese restaurants in midtown/uptown area .
I complained to the waiter and then to the manager , but the intensity of rudeness from them just went up .
I definitely enjoyed the food as well .
I did n't go there for food so I ca n't comment .
I found the food to be just as good as its owner , Da Silvano , just much less expensive .
I got the opportunity to dine at your establishment again a few weeks ago , I was in your upstrairs dining area .
I had roast chicken and a salad .
I had to flag down a third staff person for a fork ... so now it 's goodbye Little RUDE Pie Company .
I had to wait for my friend at the bar for a few minutes
I have been going to this restaurant for years , in the past the service was average and the food inconsistant .
I have never in my life sent back food before , but I simply had to , and the waiter argued with me over this .
I have to say they have one of the fastest delivery times in the city .
I highly reccomend the grand marnier shrimp , it 's insanely good .
I highly recommend it for not just its superb cuisine , but also for its friendly owners and staff .
I just had my first visit to this place and ca n't wait to go back and slowly work my way through the menu .
I know real Indian food and this was n't it .
I love the Little Pie Company as much as anyone else who has written reviews , but must discourage anyone from visiting the Grand Central location due to their RUDE service from two sales people .
I love the drinks , esp lychee martini , and the food is also VERY good .
I love the simplicity and respect which was given to the food , as well the staff was freindly and knowledgable .
I never had an orange donut before so I gave it a shot .
I ordered the Chicken Teriyaki and my husband got Garlic Shrimp .
I reccomend the fried pork dumplings , the orange chicken/beef , and the fried rice .
I recomend the chicken milanese .
I recommend any of their salmon dishes ... .
I recommend the black roasted codfish , it was the best dish of the evening .
I stopped by for some brunch today and had the vegan cranberry pancakes and some rice milk .
I think the meatball parm is good .
I thought the food is n't cheap at all compared to Chinatown .
I trust the people at Go Sushi , it never disappoints .
I usually get one the Vietnamese Beef Noodle Soup .
I was especially impressed during the bday party when the waitstaff went above and beyond in helping me decorate and bring out a bday cake as well as offering prompt and friendly service to a 15 person party .
I was highly disappointed by their service and food .
I was on jury duty , rode my bike up Centre Street on my lunch break and came across this great little place with awesome chicken tacos and Hibiscus lemonade .
I was pleasently surprised at the taste .
I was starving and the small portions were driving me crazy !
I went for restaurant week and ordered off the prix fixe menu
I went this past Saturday and had a excellent meal of consisting of a braised lamb shank with mashed potatoes .
I went to Common Stock for brunch and I was so impressed .
I went to Kitchenette this weekend for brunch .
I went to Swiftys with some friends of the family and we had a very nice dinner , but nothing amazing .
I would only go for the coffee which is way better than Starbucks or the like .
IT WAS OUR ONLY OPPORTUNITY TO VISIT AND WANTED AN AUTHENTIC ITALIAN MEAL .
If you 're craving some serious indian food and desire a cozy ambiance , this is quite and exquisite choice .
If you 're in the neighborhood , definitely stop by for a great meal .
If you 're looking to taste some great Indian food and want good service , definitely visit Curry Leaf .
If you are a Tequila fan you will not be disappointed .
If you are here as a pre-show meal , hop in a cab and take the extra 10 minutes to go to the uptown location .
If you like seafood and/or Greek food you will love this place though it is not limited to just these things .
If you want good tasting , well seasoned latin food eat at Cabana and you ca n't go wrong .
If your looking for nasty high priced food with a dash of ghetto scenery cheap BX A$ $ this is the place to be !!
In Short The Black Sheep distinguishes itself from the Midtown pub herd with a look that 's a mix of sports-bar butch and ornate kitsch .
In addition to great hot dogs , DOTP has wonderful breakfast sandwiches that feature , in addition to great things like tator tots and English muffins , a delicious NJ-based pork product know to us Jersey girls and boys as Taylor ham .
In fact , this was not a Nicoise salad and was barely eatable .
In mi burrito , here was nothing but dark chicken that had that cooked last week and just warmed up in a microwave taste .
Innovations are just as assured , from the simple Carinthia cheese ravioli with wild mushrooms to the caviar-topped sturgeon , beautifully matched with a bright green spinach-vodka sauce .
Intimate but charming interior with extremely friendly and attentive service .
It ' only open for lunch but the food is so good !
It 's a basic pizza joint , not much to look at , but the pizza is what I go for .
It 's about $ 7 for lunch and they have take-out or dine-in .
It 's eaten with black vinegar and shredded ginger .
It 's just everything ... the food , the atmosphere ... the incrediby kind and gracious hostess .
It 's just good food , nothing more and that 's all we want !
It 's the conversations that make this a fun place to be .
It 's traditional , simple italian food .
It 's worthwhile to take a cab to Chelsea just for an awesome dinner at My Chelsea .
It also has lots of other Korean dishes that are affordable and just as yummy .
It does n't look like much on the outside , but the minute you walk inside , it 's a whole other atmosphere .
It gets crowded at lunchtime but there are lots of seats in back and everyone who works there is so nice .
It had been awhile and I forgot just how delicious crepes can be .
It has good music , nice tapas , an interesting selection of wines (primarily Spanish) and a lowkey hip neighborhood clientele .
It has good music , nice tapas , an interesting selection of wines -LRB- primarily Spanish -RRB- and a lowkey hip neighborhood clientele .
It took 100 years for Parisi to get around to making pizza -LRB- at least I do n't think they ever made it before this year -RRB- ... but it was worth the wait .
It took about 21/2 hours to be served our 2 courses .
It was good , but none of the flavors WOW .
It was pleasantly uncrowded , the service was delightful , the garden adorable , the food -LRB- from appetizers to entrees -RRB- was delectable .
It was such a fantastic dining experience , that I returned again the same week .
Its good to go there for drinks if you do n't want to get drunk because you 'll be lucky if you can get one drink an hour the service is so bad .
Just go in and sample the greatest french food west of Daniel .
Likewise if you like really thin crust or really big slices then Nick and Joe 's may not be your favorite .
MY date and I both ordered the Branzini and both felt the fish was very average .
Make more tables - perhaps a rooftop bar ?
Malted Milk Ball Gelato - have you ever in your life heard of anything so ridiculously wonderful ?
Meal was very expensive for what you get .
Meat-phobes are in luck with the extraordinary veggie burger , made from a distinctive blend of chickpeas , carrots and other vegetables and spices .
Menus feature seasonal picks , like sweet corn-foie gras brulee .
Montparnasse 's desserts -- especially the silken creme brulee and paper-thin apple tart -- are good enough on their own to make the restaurant worth the trip .
Most importantly , it is reasonably priced .
Most of the sandwiches are made with soy mayonaise which is actually pretty good .
My Chelsea 's impressive and creative menu includes modern , Westernized Japanese dishes such as Foie Gras Unagi Napolean , Jap style hamburger steak , spicy cod roe spaghetti , black cod with miso base , and rack of lamb in black truffle sauce , to name a few .
My chicken was completely dried out and on the cold side and the sauce was not very flavorful .
My daughter and I left feeling satisfied -LRB- not stuffed -RRB- and it felt good to know we had a healthy lunch .
My favs here are the Tacos Pastor and the Tostada de Tinga ...
My friend had a burger and I had these wonderful blueberry pancakes .
My friends and I stop here for pizza before hitting the Kips Bay movie theater .
My gf 's duck confitte was very solid as well , although i have little base of reference .
My husband and I have been there at least 6 times and we 've always been given the highest service and often free desserts .
My only complaint might be the fortune cookies - I 've never had a cookie predict bad luck for me before I visited Kar .
My vegetable risotto was burnt , and infused totally in a burnt flavor .
My wife and I recently visited the bistro for dinner and had a wonderful experience .
No green beans , no egg , no anchovy dressing , no nicoise olives , no red onion .
Not because I was pregnant , but the food here is always delicious .
Not only did they have amazing , sandwiches , soup , pizza etc , but their homemade sorbets are out of this world !
Not only do they have the best escargot in town , they always try to accomodate our toddler .
Not only is the food authentic , but the staff here are practically off-the-boat , they are young and hip and know what they are doing when it comes to food and wine .
Not only is the service great , but forming conversation around a table is so easy beacuse the atmosphere can be both romantic and comfortable .
Not only was the sushi fresh , they also served other entrees allowed each guest something to choose from and we all left happy -LRB- try the duck !
Not only was the waiter efficient and courteous , but also extremely helpful .
Not to be overlooked , the service is excellent .
Not to sound too negative but be wary of the delivary .
Not too much so , but enough that there 's a great scene .
Offerings like hot cakes and the Egg McMuffin sandwich are available for breakfast .
Once we sailed , the top-notch food and live entertainment sold us on a unforgettable evening .
One caveat : Some of the curried casseroles can be a trifle harsh .
Only suggestion is that you skip the dessert , it was overpriced and fell short on taste .
Our waiter was friendly and it is a shame that he didnt have a supportive staff to work with .
Our waiter was helpful and charming , the food was perfect , and the wine was good , too .
Our waiter was horrible ; so rude and disinterested .
Our waitress had apparently never tried any of the food , and there was no one to recommend any wine .
Overall , this is a nice place to take a few friends to hang out at and the service is excellent .
Owner is pleasant and entertaining .
Perfectly al dente pasta , not drowned in sauce -- generous portions .
Pizzas were excellent in addition to appetizers and main courses .
Prices even outside of restaurant week were great .
Probably my worst dining experience in new york , and I 'm a former waiter so I know what I 'm talking about .
Really Lovely dining experience in the midst of buzzing midtown area .
Reasonably priced with very fresh sushi .
Result -LRB- red velvet -RRB- : Great texture , soft and velvety , nice hint of cocoa .
Sandwiches , burgers and salads , like the lemon-dressed cobb , are classic successes .
Satay is one of those favorite haunts on Washington where the service and food is always on the money .
Save room for deserts - they 're to die for .
Save room for the desserts ! ; - -RRB-
Service is excellent , no wait , and you get a lot for the price .
Service is known for bending over backwards to make everyone happy .
Service is usually pretty good .
Service was among the best I have ever had in NYC .
Service was awful - mostly because staff were overwhelmed on a Saturday night .
Service was good and so was the atmosphere .
Simple healthy unglamorous food cheap .
Since I cook for a living , I 'm very fussy about the food I eat in restaurants .
Sit back in one of those comfortable chairs .
Slow service , but when you 're hanging around with groups of 10 or 20 , who really notices ?
So for a filling and healthy meal give it a go .
So we sat at the bar , the bartender did n't seem like he wanted to be there .
Somewhat disappointing wine list -LRB- only new vintages .
Speedy delivers , great food , decent prices , and friendly service combine to ensure an enjoyable repast .
Staff is accomodating make sure you are satified .
Stay with the roasted chickens and you 'll be fine .
Stick to the items the place does best , brisket , ribs , wings , cajun shrimp is good , not great .
Straight-forward , no surprises , very decent Japanese food .
Sushi so fresh that it crunches in your mouth .
Sweet Irish bartender is always happy and able to bring a smile to my friends a my face .
THE BANANA PUDDING THEY SERVE HAS NEVER SEEN AN OVEN , THE CRABCAKES ARE WAY OVER SALTED AND DO N'T GET ME STARTED ON THE VERY GREASY MAC AND CHEESE .
THE LASAGNA WAS PROBABLY THE BEST I HAVE TASTED .
THE SERVICE IS PERFECT TOO NOTHING WRONG IN THIS ITALIAN/FRENCH RESTAURANT
THEY HAVE WAITERS ON THE SIDEWALK TRYING TO PULL YOU IN WHICH MADE US SUSPICIOUS .
Tables are close , so you better be comfortable bumping elbows with other patrons .
The $ 72 Delmonico steak had to be sent back because it was not cooked to order .
The BEST Chinese food Uptown !
The Deco and ambiance was really romantic .
The Management was less than accomodating .
The Sashimi portion are big enough to appease most people , but I did n't like the fact they used artifical lobster meat .
The Yellowfin Tuna and Calf 's liver are my favorites !
The Yellowfin Tuna and Calf's liver are my favorites !
The absolute worst service I 've ever experienced and the food was below average -LRB- when they actually gave people the meals they ordered -RRB- .
The ambiance was fine , a little loud but still nice and romantic .
The ambience is also more laid-back and relaxed .
The appetizers are ok , but the service is slow .
The atmosphere is warm , comfortable , artsy and sexy .
The atmosphere takes you to that place , the place many dream of .
The avocado salad is a personal fave .
The bartenders and the managers are really nice and the decor is very comfy and laid-back , all the while being trendy .
The best dessert , a chocolate and peanut butter tart , is n't particularly Hawaiian , but it 's a small world when it comes to sweets .
The boutique selection of wines covers a wide variety without being imposeing .
The bread is top notch as well .
The caeser salad was great .
The chicken and falafel platters were nondescript combinations with fresh leaf salad .
The chicken dinner was real good .
The chocolate raspberry cake is heavenly - not too sweet , but full of flavor .
The closest that I got was the Cherry Marscapone , but they were out of it that day .
The cold sesame noodles , which are a freebie when you order $ 10 + , are delectable .
The comments about fried foods is correct -LRB- below -RRB- but the other dishes , including the lamb entree and many of the salads (avocado shrimp) were quite good .
The comments about fried foods is correct -LRB- below -RRB- but the other dishes , including the lamb entree and many of the salads -LRB- avocado shrimp -RRB- were quite good .
The crab cakes are delicious and the BBQ rib was perfect .
The decor is designed in a contemporary Japanese style restaurant .
The decor is what initially got me in the door .
The decoration was feeling like we was on the Cairo , actually the street is part of that adventure .
The design is very intimate and romantic .
The dishes are remarkably tasty and such a cozy and intimate place !
The downstairs bar scene is very cool and chill ...
The fajita we tried was tasteless and burned and the mole sauce was way too sweet .
The falafal was rather over cooked and dried but the chicken was fine .
The fettucino alfredo was amazing .
The foie gras was sweet and luscious .
The folding chair I was seated at was uncomfortable .
The food -- though mostly deep-fried -- is simple and satisfying .
The food did take a few extra minutes to come , but the cute waiters ' jokes and friendliness made up for it .
The food here was great , a treat from beginning to end .
The food is all-around good , with the rolls usually excellent and the sushi/sashimi not quite on the same level .
The food is also outstanding and is served quite quickly .
The food is average : breakfast food , soups , salads , sandwiches , etc. .
The food is consistant and good but how it got name Best Diner In Manhattan is beyond me .
The food is delicious and the bar has a great vibe .
The food is good , the teriyaki I recommend .
The food is great , I love their dumplings , cold sesame noodles , chicken and shrimp dishs .
The food is great -LRB- big selection , reasonable prices -RRB- and the drinks are really good .
The food is great and the milkshakes are even better !
The food is great and the prices are reasonable .
The food is just OKAY , and it 's almost not worth going unless you 're getting the pialla , which is the only dish that 's really good .
The food is so good and so popular that waiting can really be a nightmare .
The food is surprisingly good , and the decor is nice .
The food is top notch , the service is attentive , and the atmosphere is great .
The food is very good and the service is great .
The food is wonderful , artfully done and simply delicious .
The food really is n't very good and the service is terrible .
The food was almost always EXCELLENT .
The food was as creative as the decor and both worked .
The food was definitely good , but when all was said and done , I just could n't justify it for the price -LRB- including 2 drinks , $ 100/person -RRB- ...
The food was delicious and clearly fresh ingredients were used .
The food was excellent - authentic Italian cuisine made absolutely fresh .
The food was extremely tasty , creatively presented and the wine excellent .
The food was good , the service prompt , and the price very reasonable .
The food was good overall .
The food was great - sushi was good , but the cooked food amazed us .
The food was mediocre and the service was severely slow .
The food was outstanding and the service was tops .
The food was very good and I was pleasantly surprised to see so many vegan options .
The food was wonderful and imaginative .
The french fries -- with the kalmata dip were terrific !
The fried calamari was even better !
The gnocchi literally melts in your mouth !
The ground chickpea soup we sampled as a starter tasted somewhat thin .
The guac is fresh , yet lacking flavor , we like to add our fresh salsa into it .
The halibut cheek appetizer came with a generous portion of foie gras , but that 's about the only positive thing I can say about the meal .
The happy hour is so cheap , but that does not reflect the service or the atmosphere .
The homage to India is most evident in the delectable roti canai appetizer , a fried pancake served with pungent curry dipping sauce , while the mango chicken offers a surprisingly sophisticated , fresh take on sweet-and-sour .
The host (owner) and servers are personable and caring .
The host -LRB- owner -RRB- and servers are personable and caring .
The lack of AC and the fact that there are a million swarming bodies -LRB- although everyone is polite and no one is pushing -RRB- is a slight turn off .
The lone argentine chorizo appetizer at $ 8.95 was a heavy fennel flavored Italian sausage like the ones that sell for $ 2.99 / lb at the store .
The main draw of this place is the price .
The manager then told us we could order from whatever menu we wanted but by that time we were so annoyed with the waiter and the resturant that we let and went some place else .
The menu , which changes seasonally , shows both regional and international influences .
The menu is great , with a good selection , and everything that I have tried is absolutely delicious .
The menu is interesting and quite reasonably priced .
The music was fascinating , but left room for conversation , and the bartender made superb drinks .
The music which is sometimes a little too heavy for my taste .
The new menu has a few creative items , they were smart enough to keep some of the old favorites -LRB- but they raised the prices -RRB- , the staff is friendly most of the time , but I must agree with the person that wrote about their favorite words : No , ca n't , sorry ... , boy , they wo n't bend the rules for anyone .
The one positive thing I can say is that the service was prompt , we got seated right away and the server was very friendly .
The other times I 've gone it 's romantic date heaven , you can walk in get a booth by the windows , be treated like a VIP in a not-crowded place , with great food and service .
The owner and staff go to great lengths to make you feel comfortable .
The pasta primavera was outstanding as well , lots of fresh veggies .
The pastas were pretty good .
The pizza's are made fresh , crispy , and ready to serve .
The place is absolutely adorable and the food is delicious .
The place is clean , and if you like soul food , then this is the place to be !
The portions are very large and the service is fantastic !!
The portions of the food that came out were mediocre .
The prices are not terrible .
The quality of the meat was on par with your local grocery store .
The room is a gorgeous , bi-level space and the long bar perfect for a drink .
The room is a little plain , but it 's difficult to make such a small place exciting and I would not suggest that as a reason not to go .
The sangria 's - watered down .
The sauce is excellent -LRB- very fresh -RRB- with dabs of real mozzarella .
The sauce is zesty and flavorful and the crust is nice and crispy .
The selection of food is excellent -LRB- I 'm not used to having much choice at restaurants -RRB- , and the atmosphere is great .
The service , however , is a peg or two below the quality of food -LRB- horrible bartenders -RRB- , and the clientele , for the most part , are rowdy , loud-mouthed commuters -LRB- this could explain the bad attitudes from the staff -RRB- getting loaded for an AC/DC concert or a Knicks game .
The service is always great , and the owner walks around to make sure you enjoy .
The service is excellent and always informative without an air .
The service is great , my soup always arrives nice and hot .
The service is great -LRB- maybe even borderline nagging but at least you get attention -RRB- , the desserts are excellent and the coffee is so very good ...
The service is pretty good .
The service is really fast and friendly , and the value is great .
The service was a bit slow and the portions are a bit small so if you are hungry and in a rush , this is not the place for you .
The service was dreadfully slow -LRB- the place was only half full -RRB- and a smile would have been nice ...
The service was great , and they have a whole great deal for birthdays .
The service was on point - what else you would expect from a Ritz ?
The service was outstanding .
The service was pretty poor all around , the food was well below average relative to the cost , and outside there is a crazy bum who harasses every customer who leaves the place .
The service was very attentive and very generous .
The service we experienced was friendly and good .
The skillfully chosen Portuguese cheese cart paired with quality port provides the perfect Iberian ending .
The space is traditional in feel .
The spicy mussels are a highlight .
The staff greeted me warmly at the door and I was seated promptly and the food was excellent .
The staff is 100 % Italian and the food is as authentic as it gets .
The staff is arrogant , the prices are way high for Brooklyn .
The staff is unbelievably friendly , and I dream about their Saag gosht ... so good .
The staff is very friendly .
The staff is very sharp and they look good too .
The staff members are extremely friendly and even replaced my drink once when I dropped it outside .
The staff should be a bit more friendly .
The staff was extremely friendly and pleasant .
The steak melted in my mouth .
The sushi is always fresh and yummy and the menu is pretty varied .
The sushi is cut in blocks bigger than my cell phone .
The sushi is reasonably priced and fresh .
The traditional Italian items are great - cheap and served in a cozy setting .
The unattractive lighting made me want to gag , the food was overpriced , there was the most awful disco pop duo performing-and my escargot looked like it might crawl off the plate .
The unfortunate lady next to us thought she had ordered a salad -LRB- including asking for salad dressing -RRB- and was instead given a quesedilla .
The wait staff was loud and inconsiderate .
The wait staff was very attentive and polite .
The waiters ALWAYS look angry and even ignore their high-tipping regulars .
The waiters are very friendly and helpful and if you frequent they will remember you .
The waiters were very professional , courteous and attentive .
The waitress came by to pick up the soy sauce WHILE we were eating our lunch !!!!!
The waitstaff is solicitous and friendly and always seems glad to see us , and the food is wonderful , if not stunningly creative .
The wine list is extensive , well priced and covers alot of regions .
The wine list was superb , our tapas delightful , and the quiet atmosphere perfect for good conversation .
The worst though was the taste .
Their duck here is also absolutely delicious .
Their twist on pizza is heatlhy , but full of flavor .
Then they somehow made a dry and burnt crust , around a raw and cold inside .
There 's candlelight and music .
There restaurant is very casual , but perfect for lunch , and their delivery service is always very fast .
There was only one waiter for the whole restaurant upstairs .
They also have a great assortment of wraps if your not in the mood for traditional Mediterranean fare .
They are served on Focacchia bread and are to die for .
They bring a sauce cart up to your table and offer you up to 7 or 8 choices of sauces for your steak -LRB- I tried them ALL -RRB- .
They have a very good chicken with avocado and good tuna as well .
They have an excellent selection -LRB- the rolls with crab are really great -RRB- .
They have homemade pastas of all kinds -- I recommend the gnocchi -- yum !
They have very quick service which is great when you do n't have much time .
They have wheat crusted pizza made with really fresh and yummy ingredients .
They make the best pizza in New Jersey .
They specialize in smoothies and fresh juices .
Thick fries , meaty chili and stuffed baked potatoes round out a menu that includes a cool , ultra-thick chocolate Frosty .
This bar has it all - great drinks , cool atmosphere , excellent service and delicious food .
This is literally a hot spot when it comes to the food .
This little place is wonderfully warm welcoming .
This made it obvious that the food was n't cooked fresh ; it was obviously made before hand and then reheated .
This particular location certainly uses substandard meats .
This place has beautiful sushi , and it 's delicious CHEAP .
This place has the best Indian food in New York , hands down .
This place has the best pizza .
This place has the best sushi in the city .
This place has the strangest menu and the restaurants tries too hard to make fancy food .
This place is classy , chic , the service is warm and hospitable , and the food is outstanding .
Tiny restaurant with very fast service .
To be fair , the food still is good and the service is quick and attentative even though its usually very busy .
To the owners ; good job guys , this place is a keeper !
Try the Peanut Butter Sorbet and the pizza with soy cheese !
Try the homemade breads .
Try the ribs , sizzling beef and couple it with coconut rice .
Try the rose roll -LRB- not on menu -RRB- .
Two complaints - their appetizer selection stinks , it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu .
Two wasted steaks -- what a crime !
Unfortunately , unless you live in the neighborhood , it 's not in a convenient location but is more like a hidden treasure .
Unfortunately , we chose this spot for lunch as we had done a lot of walking and ended up at the South St Seaport .
Unfortunately , with our show tickets , we did n't have time to sample any desserts .
Very nice touch that very much fits the place .
Waiters are very friendly and the pasta is out of this world .
Waiting three hours before getting our entrees was a treat as well .
Was her Monday for lunch - was working on a film in the area - and found this rare jewel .
Way too much money for such a terrible meal .
We 've always gotten amazing service and we love the food .
We always enjoy the pizza .
We been there and we really enjoy the food , was areally great food , and the service was really good .
We came across this restaurant by accident while at a DUMBO art festival and thoroughly enjoyed our meal .
We did n't know if we should order a drink or leave ?
We ended up having to just leave because we were essentially being ignored by the wait staff -- even though the rest of the restaurant was largely empty .
We enjoyed ourselves thoroughly and will be going back for the desserts ...
We had a birthday party here recently and the food and service was amazing .
We had tons of great food , wine , and desserts .
We ordered a glass of wine and were finished eating and paying before the wine came .
We ordered lamb which was perfectly cooked and tasted awesome .
We recently spent New Year 's Eve at the restaurant , and had a great experience , from the wine to the dessert menu .
We requested they re-slice the sushi , and it was returned to us in small cheese-like cubes .
We started with the scallops and asparagus and also had the soft shell crab as well as the cheese plate .
We were seated promptly in close proximity to the dance floor .
We were so happy with our food and were even more thrilled when we saw the bill .
We were very impressed with the food and value .
We were wondering why they were there to make our dining experience miserable ?
Well , it happened because of a graceless manager and a rude bartender who had us waiting 20 minutes for drinks , and then tells us to chill out .
What a difference , the service was very comforting and the food was better than average , but what really standed out was such a dynamic and extensive beer list .
What can you say about a place where the waitress brings out the wrong entree , then verbally assaults your 80 year old grandmother and gives her lip about sending it back -LRB- which she did politely , by the way -RRB- .
When it came time to take the order the waiter gave us a hard time , walked away then came back with a paper and pen for us to write down what we wanted ... excuse me but is n't that his job ???
When she complained , the waitress said , Sorry .
When the dish arrived it was blazing with green chillis , definitely not edible by a human .
Whether your choose the iced blended mocha or the hot white mocha you are sure to be extremely happy .
While it was large and a bit noisy , the drinks were fantastic , and the food was superb .
While the smoothies are a little big for me , the fresh juices are the best I have ever had !
While their kitchen food is delicious , their Sushi is out of this world .
While there 's a decent menu , it should n't take ten minutes to get your drinks and 45 for a dessert pizza .
Who said go when the place is quiet during the day ?
With all the mundane or mediocre places on 8th avenue it is nice to have one that is a step above in quaility and atmosphere .
Wonderful menu , warm inviting ambiance , great service the FOOD keeps me coming back !
Would you ever believe that when you complain about over an hour wait , when they tell you it will be 20-30 minutes , the manager tells the bartender to spill the drinks you just paid for ?
Yes , they 're a bit more expensive then typical , but then again , so is their food .
You can eat gourmet food at a fast food price .
You must try Odessa stew or Rabbit stew ; salads - all good ; and kompot is soo refreshing during the hot summer day -LRB- they make it the way my mom does , reminds me of home a lot -RRB- .
You must try Odessa stew or Rabbit stew ; salads-all good ; and kompot is soo refreshing during the hot summer day -LRB- they make it the way my mom does , reminds me of home a lot -RRB- .
You must try the garlic soup !
You will not be dissapointed by any of the choices in the menu .
Young neighborhood trendies graze at the counter during the day , while chic , art-house drinkers with heavy doses of the munchies pile in late at night .
Yum , the chicken is great here .
and the owner is simply lovely and friendly .
because the waiters need SEVERE ATTITUE ADJUSTMENTS .
but , the filet mignon was not very good at all cocktail hour includes free appetizers -LRB- nice non-sushi selection -RRB- .
but for the value , it was a great affordable spot to enjoy a fun night out with small group .
but the food was delicious .
but their mac cheese was YUMMY !
do n't get me wrong - sushi was good , just not fantastic .
during busy hrs , i recommend that you make a reservation .
everything is scrumptious , from the excellent service by cute waitresses , to the extremely lush atmosphere .
excellent tapas at great prices , romantic , small but not overly crowed , excellent
for about eleven bucks you get a gigantic burrito -LRB- or tacos -RRB- , margarita , and dessert .
for an appetizer , their calamari is a winner .
good food good wine that 's it .
good place to hang out during the day after shopping or to grab a simple soup or classic french dish over a glass of wine .
good variety but nothing surprising .
i dont know what some people who rave about this hot dog are talking about .
i especially like their soft shell crab sandwich with fries .
i had a delicious shrimp creole .
i have eaten here on a different occasion - the food is mediocre for the prices .
i went in one day asking for a table for a group and was greeted by a very rude hostess .
if you 're looking for authentic hong kong-style food , look no further .
it is a cozy place to go with a couple of friends .
it is a hidden delight complete with a quaint bar and good food .
jazz singer had a nice voice + she made us all get up to dance to shake some cals to eat some more .
last Tuesday for a late lunch with a friend .
menu - uneventful , small .
mojitos and the service are the best part in there
new hamburger with special sauce is ok - at least better than big mac !
now called nikki sushi , sushi is OK .
perfect for a quick meal .
rice dishes and noodle dishes rarely exceed $ 5 and add on a refreshing ice drink for $ 2 and you 're set for the night !
several times and put up with the waiters ' bad manners , knowing that their job is n't easy .
the atmosphere is very nice , and a welcome escape from the rest of the SI mall .
the dinner menu offers a variety of great entrees , including fresh seafood and huge steaks , there 's also a couple of non-meat alternatives .
the food - not worth the price .
the food is delicious and highly recommended .
the food was mediocre to be kind - the interior is small and average - the owners are a tag-team of unpleasantries - so rude and snotty i actually let out a hearty guffaw whilst dining .
the homemade Guacamole , the unbelievable entree , and thee most amazing deserts .
the icing MADE this cake , it was fluffy , not ultra sweet , creamy and light .
the mushroom barley soup is amazing .
the negative reviews on city search are probably from jealous competing restaurants who realize they ca n't compete with Temple 's entire positive attitude about the proper way to treat their customers and deliver top quality food .
the restaurant was completely empty , but she gave me a dirty look and asked , no reservations ?
the service is prompt friendly .
the teas are great and all the sweets are homemade .
the two waitress's looked like they had been sucking on lemons .
the wait staff is very friendly , if your not rude or picky ... . . our meal at Leon last weekend was great - .
their brunch menu had something for everyone .
their dinner specials are fantastic .
then she made a fuss about not being able to add 1 or 2 chairs on either end of the table for additional people .
they really provide a relaxing , laid-back atmosphere .
this is still one of my most favorite restaurants in the area the food is inexpensive but very good -LRB- kimono shrimp special was excellent -RRB- and has a great atmosphere .
this without question is one of the worst hotdogs i have ever had .
